what's up everyone welcome to the W show
we've got a great show lined up for you
guys today I forget what our title was
so oh yes now I remember ah a judge has
decided that Elon musk's statements
about um you know the things that their
cars were going to do and be capable of
were simply puffery which is not a
problem awesome and not fraudulent good
precedent so for advertising on the
heels of our discussion about what is or
isn't a scam last week we'll be talking
about an actual scam and how apparently
that's legal yeah the LT screwdriver by
the way is going to automatically screw
screws in for
you um okay I don't actually okay that I
get what you're trying to do here but I
don't actually want to make false
statements about our products they will
not do
that what your uh what your smart
glasses might do though is docks anyone
and everyone who happens to be near you
a couple of students made an invasive
DIY facial recognition glasses system
that does just that um and we'll be
talking about how this could Usher in a
whole new level of future
dystopia yay do do you have any good
news can you do good news uh let's see
we got Amazon dark patterns we got I
didn't yeah I was going to say I didn't
have any prepped give me good news good
news let's go let's go uh I don't know
if that's good news or not Minority
Report is coming that's not good burs
returns is actually not good either
suing people can't protest
anymore uh Nvidia is doing Nvidia things
okay forget it
okay the negative show about bad
[Music]
things the show is brought to you today
by manscape Squarespace one password and
of course our chair partner secret lab
our laptop partner LG and our skin
partner dbrand have you not even looked
at the table did you not absorb the
table yet oh the table's orange I love
how you're able to do this sometimes I
believe that you never noticed it was an
ad I couldn't see
it that makes sense that makes sense it
like glows it's crazy it doesn't
actually glow but just because of like
the lighting in the room and stuff it
looks like it's almost glowing that
totally makes sense okay cool well we'll
be talking about that later or not I
don't know whatever the table's orange
now cool let's jump right into our
headline topic shall we yeah oh man a
judge has dismissed a shareholder
lawsuit that alleged that Tesla had made
misleading statements exaggerating the
capabilities of its self-driving systems
and this is where I feel like I'm about
to go off script and we're about to talk
a little bit more about a personal you
know thought thought that I've had many
times the legal system seems broken
doesn't it oh yeah it seems broken it
feels like how do you fix it though it
feels like there needs to be like a
common sense filter sometimes you know
where the argument could be you know hey
uh we're Coca-Cola yeah we hired death
squads but it was outside of your
jurisdiction so what what are you going
to do about it that's an actual thing
that happened so there you go their
defense literally wasn't that they
didn't do it it was that it's outside
your jurisdiction so you can't charge us
for it that was the defense and I just I
feel like we need a common sense well
something that I genuinely don't
understand about this is the whole Red
Bull gives you wings
thing yeah like they had to add the like
Red Bull doesn't actually give you wings
yeah and like isn't there there's more
of those it's not just Red Bull it's
like a bunch of different isn't it like
Skittles doesn't actually show a rainbow
and they have to like clarify that like
McDonald's can't say have you had your
break today because nobody gets a break
and you know not in this
economy take a break so you could go do
gig work have you had break isn't it kid
Kat no dude no no no no no M uh
Microsoft uh McDonald's okay when I was
a child that was their jingle have you
had your break today huh yeah don't
don't worry about it and there was never
any kind of litigation over that I was
just I was making a really terrible
reference to my childhood yeah but
essentially false advertising claims in
the past even ones that are like obvious
have usually had to be
clarified if they're just supposed to be
fun like the Red Bull thing they still
have to clarify and it's pretty clear
that Tesla has
repeatedly repeatedly and it's got to be
knowingly at this point misrepresented
the capabilities of their autonomous
driving feature and I'm going to use the
world's largest finger quotes actually
I'm going to need bigger finger
quotes thank you those are much bigger
finger quotes than mine that appreciate
that no problem um
however uh the judge dismissed the
lawsuit and Tesla's lawyers this is
really important Tesla's lawyers did not
defend the claims that they had made on
the grounds that they were true right so
they you know back to the Coca-Cola
death squads they're not defending
themselves because we didn't do the
thing that was bad it's more about the
loophole it's about the technicality
rather they have claimed that these
statements that were not true were
merely corporate
puffery the lawyers argued that vague
statements of corporate optimism are not
objectively verifiable and that no
reasonable investor would rely on these
statements
H how's Tesla stock doing again actually
I think it's been on a tear lately I
don't don't quote me on that I don't I
don't keep track of it um the judge
having sided with Tesla's lawyers is
therefore agreeing that a reasonable
person would have seen CEO Elon musk's
statements as obvious Bluster and
exaggeration I um strongly
disagree I
mean how many times do we have to go
through this whole yeah next year next
year next year thing before it becomes
pretty clear that it's not coming next
year
um I mean do you it's been it's been
really interesting to watch the recent
pivot to the the the fully autonomous
Robo taxi project when that's what was
promised yeah for each and every Tesla
owner I shouldn't say promised because
apparently it was puffer that's what was
puffer for each and every Tesla owner
years ago was that their car was going
to make them money like their car was
going to operate as a robo taxi while
they were at work making them money it
was like an it was an
investment I I found this website I just
found it now um I don't know how perfect
it is I've never looked at this website
before Etc but I think it's pretty
fantastic actually it's called mother
frunker um as in frunk and it's the full
self-driving timeline I just found this
now so it's different quotes about what
the cars will be able to do you know uh
are going to end up with complete auton
omy and I think we will have complete
autonomy in approximately 2 years from
2015 with the source oh yeah that was
not two years ago you just go all the
way
down I really consider aous driving a
solved problem I think we are less than
two years away from a complete autonomy
2016 six months definitely that was back
in 2016 as well you'll be able to fall
asleep in a
Tesla probably be able to deliver Teslas
with autonomy in about a year that's up
to The Regulators yeah no it
isn't one of the funniest things this is
wild I can't believe somebody yeah I
can't believe somebody actually compiled
all of this it might even be missing
some I have no idea like I don't I
haven't looked at the site before the
thing that I found most entertaining
about this actually is that they gave up
at some point they stopped tracking in
2022 I mean imagine your defense being
if someone like if someone files a
lawsuit calling you a liar who misled
them and caused material damage to them
imagine your defense being well
obviously I lied I lie all the time yeah
how could you be stupid enough to
believe me like come
on I get that there are a handful of you
that are musk sycophants and that's cool
you do you but I stand behind the things
that I do not appreciate about his
approach to business business um and
lying about the capabilities of your
products and misleading people that is
that is that is a scam um and scams are
bad and they are not something to be
looked up to
and I I just I don't know how to I don't
know how to have a conversation with
someone where we are not grounded in the
same basic truth that being a Shifty
character is not good yeah and that it's
not to be applauded or respected yeah
it's actually bad we can appreciate good
things that someone accomplished but we
don't have to we don't have to respect
the extremely Shady behavior that they
engage in
um yeah cool so
anyway I don't I don't know how to I
don't know how to reconcile this to your
point with the other with the other
false advertising
presed that has been set over the
years and like it's it's it's a bit of
a I don't know it's an interesting line
because puffery could make
sense like if you're like oh this thing
is amazing blah blah blah and it's just
okay like that's that's how I think
puffery should be used
um exaggerated or false praise you know
if um exaggerated I think could be okay
false I don't think is no no false
praise let me give you a context where
false praise could be could be corporate
puffery okay um so let's say um okay I'm
still CEO okay we hypothetical scenario
I'm up on stage at uh at in the in the
line of Sebastian theater you know
whatever I'm I'm talking about our our
latest innovation in um I don't know
lapel technology or whatever caller
caller technology sure okay
and I'm standing there and autop pop I'm
I anyway so I'm I'm talking about this
great uh this great long sleeve shirt
that's available on LTD store.com and
and our our chief technical officer
whatever the heck your job is these days
I honestly don't even know it doesn't
matter walks up to walks up to the stage
in like a scripted moment shakes my hand
and goes man lonus you look you are the
you look better than in any other outfit
I've ever
seen you know that that's that's that's
false that's false praise you know like
I think my birthday suit looks a lot
better than this personally and well
you the point is the point is that
that's not is that false praise what if
you what if you actually thought that
but what if you what if you didn't it
doesn't really matter this is clearly a
scripted a scripted moment unimportant
yeah you are you are engaging with me in
a way that could obviously be pers pered
to be just kind of corporate nonsense
I'm not saying this shirt will have
active Cooling in 2 years yeah I or or
saying something along the lines of like
this is the most Innovative shirt we've
ever made yeah that's that's just
clearly exaggerated and it's puffy and
it's kind of whatever and it's
non-specific doesn't really mean
anything and I I think that's that's one
of the problems and that's where I mean
I think that's where someone like a Red
Bull runs into trouble they're making a
very specific statement Red Bull gives
you wings which even if you don't
interpret it literally you could
interpret to mean that it makes you move
faster potentially right and it is an
energy beverage and and so maybe yeah
potentially there's methamphetamine in
it I don't know um you won't slow down
like you could actually misinterpret
that but that's the thing with the
self-driving it's not these are not
vague statements our self-driving
technology is World leading that's
puffery that's nonverifiable that's it's
it's nonobjective
say go back to the go back to the thing
for a sec oh well I I left it so give me
a sec I got to find yeah
sure this is
specific go go to some of the newer
stuff because the newer stuff ends up
being a oh my goodness the newer stuff
ends up being a bit more anyway the
point is what is that why can't I it's a
solved problem is a very specific
statement
that doesn't that doesn't mean you know
we're really confident our worldclass
team can solve this problem that's
that's puffery you know you're you're
talking up the capabilities of your team
you're you're you're engaging in the
kind of thing that like if you said
anything other than that could be like
um you know could be potentially seen as
like bullying like if you were to say
anything other than I have complete
faith in my team to deliver on on this
amazing new technology like if you like
say that on a stage I mean that would be
that would be terrible the Optics would
be terrible so I could corporate puffery
is something that you have to say you
essentially have to say that you you
believe in your plan and that the team
is engaged and moving forward with it
you don't have to
say
um let's see it will be capable of level
five autonomy by the end of this year
that is extremely specific that's not
puffery that's just a lie and not only
are you saying that but you're saying it
it already has the the hardware
capability like we can we can remotely
deliver this feature to you in the thing
that you already own if you buy it today
like that that type of stuff you know
Cory is the name says can you think of
any examples in which LCT has engaged in
corporate puffery um yeah yeah I look at
the store I think that um there have
been cases where we've
had
um oh man nothing nothing product
specific I don't
think but like we've I've definitely
said things that are that are not
necessarily true to the best of my
knowledge like particularly around
someone like a like an ex-employee I
would always talk up what they've done
really well I would never talk about why
we parted ways um whether it was was
good or bad really yeah so in that case
it is more it's more down to uh you know
confidentiality and professionalism it's
less puffery it's not really marketing
though okay so hold on have we ever have
we ever
puffed in our
marketing
um you know what I'm gonna I'm going to
throw this back to you guys I'm going to
throw this back to you guys no I don't
think trust me bro would count as
puffery I think we have in good faith
taken the best possible care of anyone
who's had a problem with with our
products um it's not always been the
most timely we're a small team our
customer support is
onshore um you know so we don't operate
Around the Clock you know sometimes in
particular when we have a long weekend
or something I'm sorry that our team
gets long weekends are videos a
product uh yeah I think our I think
videos are our product
thumbnails is that puffery though cuz
the puffery is here what puffery
exaggerated or false praise though it's
not it's not it's praise
specifically how is saying it will have
full self-driving praise then well it's
not it's not puffery that's the whole
that's the whole thing I'm mad about is
that's not puffery at all that's a
specific statement about the capability
of the product that could absolutely
mislead an investor or a customer okay
someone in flo plan chat I think got it
um oh there's two of them yeah they hit
me on the world class thing I I knew
that was coming I knew world class was
coming I didn't want to address it I
will often in fact internally the way
that I'll refer to our team as world
class is a bit of a meme we have a
worldclass team in a literal sense I
don't actually think it's puffery we
compete with the best in the world in
the tech media space Tech entertainment
Tech education uh we we we are very very
competitive around the world we are a
worldclass team we have a global reach
for our brand and for our content we are
a worldclass team however a lot of the
time um I use world class and and we use
world class team in a verbally ironic
manner internally so you know someone
will leave the bathroom in a deplorable
State I was I was going to give the
exact same example pee all over the seat
pee all over the floor what looks like
it could be pee in the sink world class
and and the first thing that people will
start talking about on teams is world
class
um yeah
so I don't think that's puffery though I
I think I think I think okay yes it can
it a little bit yes it can be but verbal
irony is also not puffery in order to be
puffery it has to be seen as an Earnest
statement this this is where like the
lines get so blurry they do get blurry
they get so blurry they blurry someone
also pointed out world class employees
don't have time to aim
sorry that was really funny
um they're busy making world class
videos Another another one that was
brought up by somebody was um uh we have
a great show for you today I brought a
bunch of people have brought that one up
okay intro way show great show for you
we say it like every time yeah I think
that is an example of puffery yeah
sometimes the show is going to be and we
know it yeah but like it's not good
salesmanship to say yeah we got nothing
this week we've done it which we you're
not wrong actually I've actually I've
found that some of those shows have been
pretty good sometimes they're they're
yeah yeah you never know it has less to
do with the topics and it has more to do
with like how much sleep either of us
has had and there's a there's like a
there's a Goldilocks
zone cuz if we' had if we' had
absolutely none it's like all right
getting on to our next topic yeah I'm
mad about that
but if we're like yeah but but then but
then like if we're really well rested
everything's is pretty sane yeah um so
there's this like you need a little bit
of derangement yeah there's this magic
Zone where it's like we're not really
running on quite enough sleep and
neither of us
caffeinator passed out behind the lens
yeah I was worried about him yeah me too
he's a
tank yep yep
um okay so you guys have definitely
definitely caught us on a couple of on a
couple of on a couple of puffies but I
think when it comes to our products I no
I don't think we
puffery I feel like there's there's got
to be some thumbnails dude thumbnails I
don't think thumbnails are puffery
though you don't you can't you don't
exaggerate the what what is it
might you don't falsely praise or
exaggerate the praise the video the best
computer we've ever made I'm looking I'm
not there yet why did I look up YouTube
what are you even doing do you even
compute by the way that's a great video
go back
uh do you not even do you not even alt
left Arrow what is what is your problem
uh there there down left that's freaking
awesome I watched it oh yeah yeah Kut
Creator uh just like casually showed up
at the studio tining did a great job
just showing him some of our some of our
prototyping tools that we use there's
this sort of perception um every once in
a while when we actually do a video in
the workshop um you'll see the odd
comment that's like man they spent so
much money on this Workshop they never
use it they don't people don't know what
we use it for and I think part of that's
on us because we don't really talk about
I've been saying for a long time we
should do engineering I think we should
have a YouTube channel that has no
upload Cadence we commit to no upload
but it's lmg or whatever you want to
call it umbrella parent company
engineering interesting and we just show
like like the the the oversized
screwdrivers show how we made those the
the like metal screwdrivers the Carbon
Fiber One the wooden one all these
different cool experiment things that we
do we do tons of cool engineering stuff
and we tell no one about it and there
are entire massive YouTubers and entire
massive fields of YouTube that are
entirely based around just that and we
do it and we're a Content creation
company and we don't show anyone and it
drives me nuts you're actually not wrong
and we could like I understand the
pressure that the engineering teams
don't want to have of needing to turn
out content so just don't make required
uploads for it but making a video makes
everything take three times longer and
most of what they use this stuff for is
product development yeah which would
sell products I know I know but it would
take three times longer look look look
okay look Ry is on the CW team te now I
think that will he is hard at work on
content around our our in fact in fact
he actually shot a video earlier this
week or wait was it Arty who shot I
think it was Arty who shot it was either
Arty or Sam Sammy they had a camera in
front of their face the whole time and I
I'm pretty sure it was already anyway um
he actually shot a video of our
meeting about the development of the
Zuck t-shirt so as part of as part of
our development for of a of a gray shirt
right because we wanted kind of like our
the Steve mock neck we want we want to
do a a Zuck t-shirt I'd love to do a
Jensen leather jacket as well but that's
going to be a much bigger project I
don't know how many we'd sell any it's a
whole thing anyway the point is we
wanted to do a Zuck t-shirt the Zuck and
as part of our development process we
kind of went well shoot we don't know
what's the shirt he wears we don't know
what's special about it we don't know we
don't know what t-shirt billionaire wees
apparently this is it we answered that
question this is the packaging what is
what is the that a t-shirt a billionaire
wears comes in name sounds expensive
Brunello Cinelli we'll be unboxing it
later on the show we'll be destroying it
later on the show yeah because that's
part of the of the you know product
development process well we'll explain
what that little machine is anyway the
point is um I believe it was already
actually shot a video of us having the
conversation valuating this shirt
compared to our existing blanks compared
to our existing cotton blanks sort of
talking about what's good about it
what's not as good about it it was
pretty cool it was pretty cool and so
we're trying to do more of that okay
we're trying to do more but anyway Kut
Creator did a great job uh tinan did a
great job it's a really cool little tour
and it gives you a better idea of what
exactly it is that we're doing with all
of this really cool fabrication stuff
anyway um so yeah false advertising
let's go or puffery puffery puffery yeah
exaggerated or false praise okay so
actually giving you a headache but
that's not praise I literally got a
headache oh my I'm not too
surprised yeah uh let's part of it is
that I forgot to drink water that day so
pray
yeah dude no it's perfect it's perfect
it's unusable but it's perfect yeah but
both of those both of those are are are
true I think together you can't say
that's puffery I mean look if Tesla was
like our autopilot is perfect it's
unusable that would at least raise
questions yeah yeah that would give them
plausible deniability about the the
perfect
statement all
right last PC building guide you'll ever
need that's not puffery if if that's
actually just true that is a factual
statement the the first one got like 11
or 12 million views and the comments are
just full of like I just built my PC
using this guide I built a PC that can't
fail uh yeah yeah so it's uh it's um um
a high availability PC cluster but it
can't fail it
can't can't
fail everything I mean okay waterproof
all right that is slight exaggeration
all right you know what you know
what you've got me it took it took a lot
longer than I thought we we had to go
back months I thought it was going to be
pretty quick but the praise the praise
part makes it difficult Y which I still
don't understand because it
wasn't the Elon statements weren't
praise no they were just here's what
we're going to do this is the plan will
have this feature on this if you can't
believe the CEO of a company about the
product road map then who can you
believe and I can well I don't think you
can ever believe anyone about any
product timeline uh because no one
actually knows but like
I think there's also got to be some some
amount of a limit to
things all right why don't we move on
cuz I'm
bored oh hey we've got Riley here I I
forget speaking of puffery I totally
forgot I'm so sorry Riley I came to Puff
I came to puff up something of my own
check it out check out check us out guys
what is what is this again I forget jaky
Jakey Jakey and Jakey attorneys at law
thank you should am I am I yelling into
this thing do I hold like this I forget
it's end a dress yeah yeah you're good
um I Dan Dan said he could give me danan
said he could give me a a chair but I
decided to just come squat in here
awkwardly because I forgot the chair Sor
style it is truly awkward forgot I like
it though do we have an Apple box at
this light is really bright yeah don't
don't look at that it's not it's too
late Riley no Riley lonus did you know
that it was Riley week on float plane
this week I did know that it was Riley
week on float plane this week did you
know that I did a backflip for you I
know that you cannot do a backflip whoa
you don't know that that's anti puffery
that's
puffery I watched the Star Wars videos
really good I really liked it did you
watch the whole thing I heard you were
watching it it's fantastic who said that
uh I think Sammy told me or Sean did I
liked it a lot well I thought it was
okay Sammy told me that it took 10
million years to
edit that's not it took long time cuz it
wasn't
praise yeah yeah no I it took a long
time it took I uh not going to lie I
stayed up all night a couple nights to
get the script done and to do the
guidance you didn't
sh did you
really I won't go all the way cuz I
don't know I don't know where your mouth
is you've been puffing up a lot of
things so oh um oh wow uh this is wan
show we got to keep it appropriate
listen Riley week is uh is is over now
there were three videos right yeah yeah
did you guys watch any of them except
the Star Wars I watched Star Wars I
didn't watch any of them yet it's okay
okay it's okay I mean on the Q&A you
probably just know all of them yeah if I
want to talk to Riley I just talk to
Riley because he's right there we we
match almost every day I was waiting for
the Star Wars one so was that I was
excited about it I don't know what else
to to say other than go subscribe to
flow plane which you guys already say
like five times an episode so I just
kind of want to hang out here this is
okay this is cool I can make like what
is this segment shadow puppets is this
just is this just is this just marketing
for float plane is that the whole point
yeah if you could just keep switching
back and forth to to float plane there
that would be pretty cool okay so yeah
that's Riley week among our other
exclusives why do you guys ever use the
space back here there's a lot you could
do some you could do some activities the
lights have to go there no got like talk
linked and we don't have a mic that's on
a on a you know freely moving I know I
thought that this was going to be more
of a handheld thing but this like this
feels feels wrong it's two hands it it's
a two-hander yeah there you go it's a
sander shander I don't think anyone took
it that way but yeah yeah definitely for
sure it's a weapon knocking it out of
the park Riley um what's your next
topic I don't know are you are you
joining us for the show like a stool
students make invasive DIY facial
recognition glasses oh man yeah that
that's pretty scary yeah we talked about
that on TechLink this week oh yeah dud
what do you want me to go I I don't know
what we're are you joining us for part
of the show Conor is waiting for me to
go review TechLink right now but
like with us no I'm not going to do the
top you want to read the here read the
topic
really yeah students make in I'm not
going to read the whole topic top make
invasive DIY facial recognition glasses
I'm going to summarize it
okay because we reported on this on
TechLink uh some students from Harvard
okay fine I'll just read it two Harvard
students set up a system that uses a
video feed from their meta smart glasses
to automatically scan the faces of
strangers identify them and compile
dossier of personal information such as
Jobs personal association phone numbers
and addresses while the system made the
occasional error notably it once flagged
a young woman as her identical twin oops
broken aw throw it out the students were
able to use this system to approach
several strangers and greet them by name
while pretending to be an acquaintance
or a fan of their work how creepy would
that
be I mean it's happened I found LA is
actually the worst for that and this is
what's funny it's like it's like hey you
want to feel what it's like to be famous
for a second or to be be a a upper
mid-tier YouTube
celebrity the students have published a
paper detailing their experiment which
they say was intended as a demonstration
of what is already possible with current
technology Tech giants like Google and
meta have considered putting facial
recognition into smart glasses in the
past and they and they have Google has
dismissed the idea due to safety and
legal concerns after public after making
a product already but that's here
whereas meta's reasons for not pursuing
it are unclear meta has not yet
committed to not using the footage or
images from their smart glasses for use
in data scraping or AI training I mean
that's all screwed they they've actually
thank you Riley that is the summary no
as in as in the whole like oh don't use
it for AI training everything is being
used for AI training already yeah and
they've essentially actually said the
opposite Zuckerberg on a podcast
thingamajigger said that he wants uh you
to have personal AIS that are powered by
things like the glasses that they have
context of everything in your life yeah
but like that's one thing because it's
your personal AI I think a lot of people
are probably okay with you feeding if
it's encrypted and everything oh yeah if
you like you feed your data into a
personal Ai and no one ever gets it
except you yeah it's not going to happen
I feel like the lighting on my face is
perfect for this story it's like
dystopian yeah it kind of is it's like I
am your personal AI you're too fac
I mean okay what else do we have to say
I I feel like this was actually a good
topic you guys should continue
discussing it but I have to go review
Tech link okay okay I really have to go
I can't stay we could bring you a laptop
you just do it behind the set what's
that do you want to just have a laptop
you could do it there you can review it
on you just hide behind the the laptops
I think next I think next show I'll come
back and I'll be back here and you guys
probably won't know until I say
something nice work place thanks Ry
thank you Riley love you subscribe to
Flo yeah right my favorite website thank
you Riley some puffy right there
yeah I enjoy you guys can't see this but
he's bear crawling off the what I'm
leaving with
dignity oh man um that was fantastic wow
okay thank you very much Riley that was
great that was you never know what's
going to happen when Riley walks into
the room um but that actually was a
perfect example of puffery yeah it's my
favorite website which is fine which is
there's fine a near z% chance that's
true yeah exactly but who cares but
that's obvious yeah and that's the thing
puffery should be obvious and it doesn't
matter yeah all right so let's come back
to these smart glasses um this is what's
funny about this topic to me is that you
and I have actually talked about this
for years many times in the past and
close to the whole time we've known each
other and if you go back far enough
because Luke and I both suffer from some
form of undiagnosed face blindness slash
oh yeah just complete inability to
remember people's
names and we have talked about this many
times in the past how what would
ultimately sell us going all the way
back to like the launch of Google Glass
what would ultimately sell us on this
technology would be if it could serve as
like a a Rolodex essentially when you're
at a party or social function or a work
event and it'll just tell you okay uh
that's who that is bring up the last
email that I exchanged with them uh tell
me like how many kids they have so I can
ask how their kids are doing and if you
go back far enough you and I were naive
enough slash the world hadn't distended
into distended descended into dystopia
enough that we were actually bullish on
it and wanted it now I read about this
thing that I asked for that I wanted
because it would be really helpful to me
in my daily life and I look at and I go
holy [__] this is this is [__] we're
fed everything's fued yeah well because
I I I think the thing that we were wrong
about and I think a lot of people
including us were wrong about these
types of things were that we we thought
it was going to be
ours like the whole Rolodex idea is that
you knew these people yeah you were
essentially inputting this information
it was checking locally to your
information and then letting you know
and that's that's just not going to be
what it is because data makes the world
go around so instead of it being yours
it's going to be Zuck or whoever else is
and you're going to be checking against
their information and giving them more
information also known as updated facial
recognition information for these people
to make sure it's more accurate and any
uh data and Analysis that you're able to
scrape from that moment is going to go
up as well to sh into a pool I also
didn't think about at that time I maybe
I was just younger and more naive right
like I didn't think about an
authoritarian government using this
technology oh yeah to keep track of
absolutely everyone and where they go
and what they do and who police
officers or whoever else yeah CU they
already have it in in cameras so that's
not really new but this would be yeah
give them to police officers facial
recognize figured if they have like
outstanding warrants or whatever else
and but it's not just like the
outstanding warrants like this could
tell people suspect level all kinds of
stuff all kinds of stuff about people
that comes down to we have another topic
that we'll talk about later but it's um
The Minority Report thing yeah like like
buddy here buddy here frequents you know
the the the the the CD theater you know
on Sixth Street and and that might and
and and and that might be factually true
right but that could activate someone's
prejudices you know what I mean so it's
not like I don't even mind if it scans
someone and it's like there's an
outstanding warrant for their arrest
that sounds
actually reasonably helpful it's one
like say there's a say there's a a riot
going on because every time that there's
a riot there's some people that are you
know in involved with the bad things and
the riot and other people just trying to
get away and it's like that woman voted
for Hillary Clinton and this R is based
around whatever so she has an increased
likeliness of being one of the people
that is involved with the damaging of
cars so arrest her even though you
didn't see it happen yeah yeah like dude
that that level of that level of and if
you think if you think law enforcement
doesn't profile it they do they 100%
profile and you give them more and more
tools to profile we
are I don't know if I want to live on
this planet
anymore you know I had a conversation
recently where I I was I
was I I mentioned that I I want to die
on
Mars and I was like yeah that that just
increases over
time handyman says to be fair I think
you should mention the story is kind of
exaggerated since you can already
achieve this using your mobile phone
camera or any kind of camera it's
basically just calling third party
services and and we did acknowledge that
it already exists that's their whole
point is that this already exists but
it's the form factor that's scary
because somebody can walk into a
bathroom wearing a pair of glasses you
can't walk into a bathroom with your
phone out streaming data to some third-
party you know image identification
service unless your name is ghee
whatever his whatever his last name is
Dr disrespect yeah I don't know yeah
like like no this is the no cool person
walks into a bathroom with their camera
out that's a pretty normal looking pair
of glasses just
glasses that's what's scary about it and
the fact that you're right this is just
totally a thing that already exists is
exactly their
point they're not they're not developing
this as a product they're not even
trying to they're not even releasing
what they've done and to your point what
they've done is not a huge technical
achievement all they did was take
off-the-shelf stuff and hook it into
other off-the-shelf stuff but that's the
point right now today you could have
someone walking around it disorderly
says but you can buy a spy camera that
looks like a pen you clip into your
pocket yeah
absolutely but it's the it's the ease
yeah it's the ease and it's the
Integrations and it's the it's the it's
the smoothness of the workflow like if
you just have a pen a a a pen if you
just have a pen camera sticking out of
your pocket and what you have to
ultimately do is like go home at the end
of the day and and ingest that footage
and then crunch it on your like you know
multi-gpu server cluster and it you know
retroactively go back and figure out who
you interacted with that day like that's
what we'd be talking about 10 years ago
right that wasn't that scary but this
whole real time you know how many kids
do you have and what are their names and
you know where did you go to school and
like dude that's that's
scary I still want the local Rolodex
thing where like you have to input the
information of the people but then that
doesn't even work because I'm sure
there's just going to be databases you
can download you can you can use it that
data will leak yeah yeah all all data
all data will leak leaky data it's our
new it's leaky condos just leaky data
condos just saying it's a it's a it's a
widespread problem leaky data it's going
to cause all kinds of trouble dude you
see 23 and me is in trouble oh that
whole data set's going to end up with
someone I'm so thrilled I'm so thrilled
that relatives of mine have used these
Services I'm so excited about that
really thank you thank you for that Y
and like every time we talk about that
this kind of stuff and we'll we'll have
people in the audience that are like
yeah but like legally insurance
providers can't use that data and guys
laws change laws change the only and
people ignore them yeah that
too that too if laws mattered then we
wouldn't be where we are today I can
pretty much guarantee you every single
person in this building currently has
broken the law at least once sure I
probably sped in my car on the way here
today I probably did as well yeah
probably sure yeah for sure sure yeah
and and like that that's the thing right
so you know whether it's so just to give
some insight on that um I bet you every
single person that drove in BC did yeah
our our no one follows the speed limits
here the where it would be dangerous if
you did so I watched a really
interesting documentary like ages ago
I've I've looked for it multiple times
and I haven't been able to find it so it
must have been pulled off of YouTube or
something it must have been copyrighted
but it was basically like an
investigation into our speed limits and
why they're too low and why it's like
actually dangerous and it just they just
need to go up and how the provincial
government just ignores it for the most
part um yeah really interesting it's
wacky man you you'll be driving with a
police car behind you following the pace
of traffic like 20 kmers an hour above
the speed limit police car is not
lighting you up and they'll like go
around yeah they they'll also get
frustrated because you're actually going
too slow it's just like what what is
this like what oh man what a joke
anyways yeah
culat uh in float plane chat says and
this is such an examp this is such a
great example of how laws are are often
so sort of myopic in their in their in
their implementation goes legally I
can't ask age in a job interview because
that could lead to age-based
discrimination I added them the end part
there so I ask when you graduated from
college it's like yeah you make a law
sometimes with a really solid intent
age-based discrimination that's bad
okay but people are going to people are
going to find a way around it they're
going to find a way to to you know
technically either they're going to just
do something illegal in a way where
they're not going to get caught or
they're going to find a they're going to
find a loophole they're going to find a
way to technically get around it it's
just our data is not going to be
protected these products are absolutely
going to end up in nefarious hands and I
I'm I'm so uncomfortable with it yeah
and then out of the other side of my
mouth I talk about how I want to do like
automated scorekeeping at the Badminton
Center and how we could use facial
recognition to track people's gameplay
and you know whatever
else In fairness to me I trust myself to
store that data only locally on
site
but maybe I should and that still
doesn't technically mean that it's
invulnerable and it doesn't and and and
it you know I hate to open this can of
worms again but let's say that I died or
I sold the company or whatever else
there might be an expectation I'm not
I'm not laughing cuz he said I'm going
to die I'm laughing because I realize
the can of worms that he's mentioning
that he's opening my bad my bad uh my
point is that that that data sitting
there could be seen as a treasure Trove
by whoever you know inherits or or
purchases that business and you you saw
what happened with the servers at NX
yeah like this happened the thing the
hypothetical that I'm talking about
right now actually happened at NCI the
owner didn't die but the data was not
managed correctly and people who ended
up with servers from the auction ended
up with customer data from the auction
that that absolutely happened
MH all
right um cool uh we're supposed to
explain merch messages and uh do two
merch messages now thanks Dan okay so
merch messages if you want interact with
the w show the best way to do it is to
send a merch message like Chris F down
here instead of sending super chats or
twitch bits or anything like that we
strongly encourage people to send a
merch message that way you can throw
money at your screen you can support the
WAN show and all of the you know cool
people who produce the W show and me um
and you can also uh send in a you can I
don't know something whatever you can
send a message uh so it'll either be
replied to by producer Dan or he'll send
it to someone internally can answer your
question for you or he'll just pop it up
on the screen if you just got a shout
out or something like that or he will
curate it and that'll look a little
something like this Dan you have a
couple curated merch messages oh I
didn't tell people how to send one go to
LTT store.com and add anything to your
cart and you will see a box where you
can fill it a merch message all right
there we go sure yeah I've got one here
for you hey lldd did you ever get any
contact from iFixit with how they feel
about your Precision
screwdriver um
yes
um I I'm not really sure I'm not really
sure what to make of it are you talking
about the tweet no oh no no I'm talking
about uh I'm talking about an email that
came through after we talked about it on
the uh after we talked about it on the
WAN show basically we got an email yeah
you know what screw it we got an email
from their agency saying that they going
to be pausing our relationship um they
provided some reasons for that that are
like whatever um I told our team they
they agreed to continue throughout the
rest of the month of October but I I
told the team if they want out uh we
shouldn't force them to work with
someone that they don't want to work
with so if it's uh you know if it's the
reasons they stated then you know cool
they can keep going or whatever or if
it's different reasons and they're not
comfortable working together you know
that's fine uh
basically what I what I left off with
was um we take our Partnerships
seriously we want to maintain positive
working relationships with everyone who
shares our passion for repairable
technology um just tell them take their
time we'll be here when they're
ready I'm good or whatever I mean we're
we're at a scale right now where no one
sponsor can do anything to impact us
important which is which is super
important um and and to be clear guys
there could be totally totally unrelated
business reasons or or whatever right
like I don't want you guys to pass any
kind of judgment but we have heard back
from them um not about this like not in
response to any questions um we just
heard from the agency so so that's
that's where we're at um
transparency
transparency um no I'm I'm not going to
I'm not going to tell the reasons
because that's that's their personal biz
right so yeah like but but there what I
will say is they they sound like
perfectly plausible business reasons so
I'm not there's there's no judgment here
uh I just want to make it clear that
from our side um we have no intention of
forcing them to fulfill any kind of
pre-agreed contractual obligation if
they want out then I have absolutely no
problem with that and if they ever want
to if they ever want to work with us in
the future then the door is 100% open
but if I were you I wouldn't expect to
see a ton of iix it um sponsorships
on uh lus Media Group properties um
you'll you you'll probably still see
their products show up from time to time
like I've said over and over and over
again we like the products we love the
mission um we consider them an ally and
so it is what it
is well all right then next up get some
announcements out of you first uh oh
wait no don't we have another merch
message no you got to do the
announcements and then you get one more
oh I do the announcements okay the long
sleeve polo shirt is now available we
wanted to make something that you could
wear to the office this fall without
sacrificing comfort and without
sacrificing having a little personality
little flare a little bit of flare
little bit of spark so we created a long
sleeve polo shirt made of soft and
slightly stretchy cotton elastine PK is
that the word Peak PK whatever the best
part is under the co collar is a fun
little pop of pink you'll also notice
that the buttons on the polo shirt
aren't buttons they're snaps not only
are they easier to fasten but they're
great for jobs where buttons aren't
allowed like when you're working with
specific Machinery where loose items
can't be risked uh available now at lmg
Dogg long Polo and that link goes to the
Forum uh that may be
misdirected uh Daniel besser is looking
at it right now because I think he
probably saw me click on it and saw me
go to lineus
tips.com uh yep that link is not working
so I'm just going to manually show you
guys the long sleeve polo oh my goodness
this is such a hilarious shot of Dennis
um they've definitely been having some
fun with the photo shoots lately massive
shout out to team
this sick this is great actually looks
dope oh man I love
it ta and shro uh yeah I love the post
ones yeah I I actually am kind of I'm
kind of loving it yeah like these look
great yeah dude groups of people posed
in in in things the office attire has
actually been a shockingly big mover for
us just like something can wear to work
yeah that's just is there even a logo in
this oh yeah very subtle yeah here I can
switch to the loot cam if you can show
the people the
logo oh yeah it's in there somewhere
yeah we want to you know we want to we
want people to be able to rep the brand
without like feeling uncomfortable if or
if they workplace doesn't allow logos or
whatever else um yeah it's just just
quality product trust me row guarantee
all that good stuff uh the cargo pants
have been doing really well by the way I
have some good news if you're a 32in
inseam I believe our reorder will
include 32in yes uh inseam so we are we
are currently putting together uh a list
for a reorder and uh longer boys are
going to be pretty exciting to see that
I think that's that's mine I think you
mentioned you were too 32 32 32 maybe
maybe 32 36 I cannot
remember but 32 inseam 32 inse all right
so you guys are in good shape Robo 86
asks how much do you pay your staff for
modeling uh we actually don't it's
completely voluntary it's on it's during
your shift oh yeah so we do pay so you
get yeah you're hourly yep and it's and
it's completely voluntary if people want
to do it then that's totally cool so
everyone whoever posed like in their
underwear did so because they were like
I'm going to pose on my underwear let's
go um oh you usually or often or always
I forget the exact rules I think you get
to keep the thing that you modeled as
well so yeah it's just if you feel like
it and you want to you want to like rep
the brand and you want to be on the site
then you can do that or otherwise you
don't have to there is absolutely no
pressure whatsoever to model the merge
yeah and I just I think it's so cool
that people volunteer I think it's so
cool that the models on our site are
actual people who actually work on
actual stuff here uh so like Thomas
works for a Creator Warehouse um in in
engineering he's working
on a cat toy right now oh among other
things that I can't talk about but the
cat toy is like a low pryo thing that
he's working on uh yeah shro from the
business team Tatiana from the creat
warehouse fashion team like these these
people these are the people who actually
you know bring you the
content I love that when I clicked him
he was actually they were like making
eye contact you got you got to look at
yourself oh boy yeah so I think that
really I think that really sets our I
think that really sets our site apart
from a lot of other like merch
stores we wear the product and clearly
people want it enough that they're
they're willing to you know they're
willing to pose with it for just to own
it so Ione said can you stand up to to
show shirt length oh yeah yeah go for
it what size are you wearing XL Exel
okay and I'm in the
medium all right you're
welcome all
right uh what what are we supposed to do
Dan oh you still got some announcements
unless you want to save them for I have
more
announcements oh good modmat signups we
are another week closer to the launch of
the LTT modmat to get notified right
when it launches sign up at lm. g/m
modmat I really hope that actually goes
where it's supposed to go does this one
does cool that's good also okay this is
big um want to shout out ghost keyboards
last week I kind of gave them a hard
time for publicly
misrepresenting um an endorsement from
me of their product because that never
happened but they made it seem like it
did an e blast to their customers anyway
I don't want to I don't want on that
right now because they have in my
opinion done everything that is that is
that is right and reasonable for them to
do to make it right um they publicly
posted what feels like an actual sincere
apology U taking responsibility for
misrepresenting the situation taking
action to make this right for anyone who
bought the keyboard based on a perceived
endorsement from me they have offered an
extended refund window to anyone who
purchased the keyboard in question um
during the time that they had that
promotion running uh so guys apology
accepted thank you very much I am I am
extremely pleased that we can just move
forward in a in a positive fashion so
yeah yeah thank you Top Gear 1224 other
companies take note this this is how you
deal with it we messed up we take
responsibility here's what we're doing
to make amends
we are going to learn from our mistakes
sincerely boom thank you um yeah you
guys you guys you guys made it right and
I appreciate that I you know I don't
think you should have done that in the
first place but look the past has to be
in the past at some point and that point
is
now all right Dan what's next all right
I got one more merch message for you and
we're some doing some more topics when.
dll lonus you're a big fan of the Apple
airpods even though you use an Android
would you recommend it to other people
what are the biggest issues you've had
that I need to know before doing the
same is this the announcement but do I
use an Android
[Music]
though this is my new phone is this the
first time you've told them um no no
I've I've talked about how I'm going to
go iPhone I actually haven't set it up
yet I tried earlier this week and it
errored out because I moved around in
the office and I think I went to I think
I swapped to a different AP and so the
transfer errored out and I had to reset
it again so I'm I'm going to I'm going
to get switched to it very very very
soon it's it's living in the pocket it's
going to happen when I have a free
moment I'll I'll get the transfer wizard
done um
but uh overall there's there's some
annoyances like the fact that there's no
official app to change the functionality
of the long press that's kind of
annoying I don't know if it's just
because my phone is really old but the
uh the performance of the airpods when
they're paired to an iPhone is so much
better compared to when they're paired
to my note 9 like on my Note 9 if I flip
on the microwave to pop some popcorn or
whatever I I basically can't hear
anything if I'm standing anywhere near
it because of the 2.4 GHz interference
from microwaves um but if I have it
paired to my iPhone 12 Pro which was my
like utility iPhone that I had that I
will occasionally have them paired to
it's like almost flaw it's not Flawless
because interference but it's way better
like world's better um you know not
having battery monitoring I guess is
kind of a drag but I just charge them
every day I've been using like I just
don't really care airpods with Android
the whole time and I don't know
yeah just plug them in yeah it just yeah
it just really doesn't doesn't bother me
that much I rarely need them for more
than four hours in a row at a time so
the actual you know battery life of the
airpods themselves and they charge so
fast when they're in the charging case
it just I don't know and they charge in
the charging case so just plug the
charging case in most of the quality of
life issues really don't seem like a
huge deal there is one really nice thing
uh when you're when you're on an iPhone
and you take them out it'll pause you
take one out it'll pause you take two
out and it'll just automatically switch
to the phone speaker because it knows
you don't have either of them in whereas
on my Android phone it's a Lot F it'll
just play through them then again just
playing through them on my Android phone
is how I found them when I left them
somewhere in the house I turned the
volume up and then I was able to find
them but then again if I had an iPhone I
could just use the find my feature so I
don't know I don't know it's all good
I I like them I I still I I I really
like them but there are some really
solid Alternatives so you know by all
means check out pixel buds check out
Galaxy buds um I've heard the latest
generation Galaxy buds are really good
but I haven't tried
them CompTIA revoked Linus's A+
certification question mark question
mark um how could they no they didn't
what yeah so I think they Ty I think
they typed the thing but the
internet here's my uh here's my here's
my A+ certification so I'm going to here
if I read this out can you
verify uh sure what what link do I have
to is it in the doc okay my candidate ID
is
comp are you am I supposed to be doing
it
are you are you doing okay Luke you okay
Luke are you okay over there okay I got
it okay I thought you wanted me to
actually type it in comp
001 yeah 022 y 462
766 oh wait they totally entered it
right yeah okay I'm confused now did
they revoke it then cuz I thought chewy
said that wait you didn't check well no
chewy said chewy told me they didn't and
he said that he replied to the thing
that they didn't and
then that but that it wasn't getting a
lot of traction and so I was supposed to
talk about it on the W
show uh yeah the verification code oh oh
hold on apparently apparently this is
the verification code okay well uh
verify. comptia.org hold on hold
on here we
go uh verification code all right
SLO they missed a letter yeah active
there you go so no no they did not um
apparently the the US okay so I gave you
the candidate ID so what what what code
is this five pie oh oh it's the code at
the bottom here yeah yeah I see it not
the candidate ID so yeah no here's my
here's my framed A+ that I still have
for now um look at you dude yeah I know
right people can trust the videos now
yep yep it's good
we needed this my Bros they can trust me
yeah yeah yeah all right
yep well is my product that showed up
defective going to be taken care of I I
think so he's got an A+ certification
yeah A+ A+ that's the that's the grade
yeah it's like a but better sounds like
you should probably trust him bro it's
Canadian it's it's enhanced Canadian A+
sorry uh we should maybe do something
else now C++ is just hey
look Amazon's doing dark patterns again
Legacy customers with Amazon's ring
alarm system will soon have to pay
double for its monitoring service
according to emails sent to ring protect
plus customers they will be migrated to
the Pro Plan in March which costs $200 a
year as opposed to $100 a year that's
increase that's double the number of
hundreds of dollars a year that's yeah
that's bad yes one of those customers
happens to be Verge writer Sean
Hollister who found it strange that
Amazon's email started with this is your
reminder is it's the first time yeah he
did manage to find an FAQ that claimed
that customers had been emailed about
the change in September of
2021 but he then dug up the relevant
email whose subject line read important
your plan name has
changed in the body of the email it read
don't worry everything else is staying
paying the same the actual notification
that the plan itself would be phased out
and migrated to ring protect Pro was
located in a small footnote at the
bottom of the
email that is skey you know if they if
they got the upgrade for free then sure
other ring users have posted emails from
Amazon on Reddit which have the heading
new name new features same great price
these emails then go on to note that
their subscription will no longer
include alarm professional monitoring
and SOS emergency response Amazon has
not given a reason for the price
increase this is flipping wild here's
some
screenshots this does not sound like a
price increase here's a here's a
question for you here's a question is
this
puffery I mean apparently
apparently that's a throwback to our
first topic for those of you who are
just joining us
yeah that's a massive yikes this
sucks I by the way what is happening
down there that's the deand spot I I I
don't know what it is okay I I don't
know how to deal with this because we've
talked about this fairly recently
actually where I basically said look a
contract should be a contract and you
shouldn't be able to unilaterally change
it and the response to that is well from
a legal standpoint point the contract is
auto renewing on a monthly basis and
every month it's a new contract so
they're just they're just giving their
customers a new contract the the problem
with that logic though is that in my
mind there's an
implicit um there's an implicit
long-term
expectation for anything with an upfront
cost that we are that we are not in fact
on a month-to-month deal here where you
can change it anytime you want
and for something like a security system
that upfront cost is a lot more than
just you know a few hundred on on a
camera here and there it could be
creating a workflow around it it could
be training people on how to use it it
could be the time that you invest in
installing it once you're once you're in
this ecosystem it's actually a hugely
highly frictitious High friction the
point is that it can be a lot of work to
get out of it and so if all you have is
this you know month-to-month agreement
that can just be changed unilaterally by
the provider at any time what is your
protection what is the point of having a
contract and I don't know how to deal
with this because yeah you can't you
can't force you can't force a company to
maintain the same terms of service in
the same pricing model in
perpetuity that's not fair or right
either but you also can't be in a
situation where freaking everything is
like negotiating with Darth
Vader I have altered the deal pray I
don't alter it further well why but I'm
but I'm stuck in this deal
yeah I'm Lando what what if it what
if uh I think we've had these
conversations before but what if what if
you were offered a full refund at that
moment like hey the subscription cost is
doubling we're we're going to actually
tell you properly instead of trying to
hide it to be clear let's make that
major change uh and then offer you a
refund because I understand the the
initial buying thing is is rough but I
can also understand where like you know
market conditions might change they
might need to charge more for the upkeep
and maintenance of something but if
that's the case do they just offer to
essentially buy back your product I
think I I think if they buy back the
product I'm okay yeah I mean Google did
that with Sadia I wasn't mad yeah like
if you're if you if you can't afford if
it's not if it's no longer sustainable
for you to offer me the service that you
offered me at the price that we that the
price that we all agreed on then by all
means uh here you can you can take your
take your stuff back and and I'll I'll
take my money back you can you can say
as much as you want about how like they
oh well they should have scoped it in
better and like understood their costs
and stuff like that um and that's all
farewell and good when you're talking
about things without doing things uh but
when you start doing things you run into
this problem where basically every
company if they want to be competitive
have to operate on economies of scale so
when you're developing something you
have to assume some amount of scale and
price into that and if you don't reach
that scale it might not be economically
viable anymore but at that point like
it's not your customer's fault that it
isn't economically viable yeah that's
not their problem so you got to buy back
your devices squirrel King makes a
really great Point here like let's
pretend that an employment contract
worked like this would you accept that
would you accept an employment contract
that was essentially a month-to-month
contract that they could just change at
any time I guess employment contracts
don't but contract contracts sort of do
depending on the terms usually they Max
at a year and then you have to
renegotiate they can but that's more
that's a little more complicated because
a lot of the time a contractor can also
make the argument that if they're
fulfilling the role of an employee that
they that they should be considered an
employee and protections should be
employee grade protections as opposed to
just contract Pro protections yeah like
there's no I don't think people would
accept that and so if we don't accept
that you know that we could just be paid
less if our employer decides arbitrarily
this month that we'll be paid less well
then yeah obviously I I agree with that
to be clear but it's um I'm just I'm
trying to think of scenarios where that
does happen and I guess it happens on a
company level but I don't think it
normally happens on an individual
level like if we if we have a a some
form of work contract with some company
it's very likely that it might be a a
shorter term renewing contract yeah yeah
would probably would but that's company
to company that's not person to company
or person to person I think usually
person to person there's more
protections yeah and I'm talking about
like consumer consumer protections like
protections for the
individual it just feels like ignored
them for so long yeah and I I'm tired of
it Lena KH dude she's doing
work it's been getting a little bit
better all right what else we got anyway
Amazon bad stop it yeah yeah oh sponsors
thanks Dan the show is brought to today
by manscaped Can you spot me in this
photo nice that's what you'll look like
if you don't tidy yourself up with
manscaped they just dropped the new
chairman pro package and it has
everything you need to transform
yourself from Sasquatch to
Sphinx inside you'll find the chairman
Pro Electric foil shaver power shave gel
and face shave Soo all in one bundle the
foil shaver features a 360 contouring
head and two interchangeable skin safe
blade heads so whether you're going for
smooth as butter or a rugged look
they've got you covered plus with their
Flex adjusted technology the pivoting
head adapts to the Contours of your face
and neck making shaving a breeze and
don't forget the power shave gel and
face shave Soother which help reduce
redness and irritation before and after
you shave check out the chairman pro
package at manscape.com
lt20 and use code lt20 to get 20% off
plus free shipping look at that that's
international shipping wow wow that's
good though that's good the show is also
brought to you by Squarespace ever
gotten l in one of those how to code a
website
tutorials trust me even with all the
tech tips your site can still end up
looking like a 5-year-old's art project
Uncle lonus painting company that is
actually from me painting at Dennis's
house fun fact um anyo our sponsor
Squarespace is your all-in-one website
platform that uses AI to help anyone
build a beautiful personalized website
with ease not only do they offer a
variety of award-winning templates but
they also provide tons of features to
help you on your online business you can
send invoice accept payments from your
clients through debit credit a and more
and you can do it right on Squarespace
you'll also get access to analytics so
you can track your s's performance and
see what's working for your business we
love how simple Squarespace is anyone
can hop in and make updates and that's
why we use it for our site too we're
actually working on a redesign that's
going to look a lot better than this one
so uh stay tuned for that plus you can
pick from tons of domain names with
built-in privacy and security so start
building your website today and receive
10% off your first purchase by visiting
squarespace.com
LTT finally the show is brought to you
by one password imagine your company's
security like the backyard of my house
huh that's a really an interesting shot
that they chose weird shot um you've got
some real distance going on there the
nice paved paths are laid out for
company-owned devices it approved apps
and managed employee identities so only
the approved ones can enter my house but
the shortcuts through the grass
symbolize unmanaged devices Shadow it
apps and trespassers
like Dennis most security tools only
operate on the brick paths but ignore
what lurks in the long grass this is
such a weird um thing that he's
done uh that's where our sponsor one
password extended access management
comes in it helps weed out unmanaged
devices apps and identities ensuring
strong and protected user credentials
they address issues that traditional I
am and MDM can't handle it's available
now for companies with okta and coming
later this year to Google workspace and
Microsoft
check it out at onep password.com
slwo cool
huh all
right okay it's merge message time
apparently yeah hit me Dan LDL hoping
you can settle an argument I've been
saying for the more yes I've been saying
for the non gamer Intel and AMD waited
too long to release HT chips and apple
now dominates that space with the Mac
Studio thought
no all right next question um well I
think should we say a little bit more
about it uh get wrecked
okay so okay okay I think I think the
the bigger the bigger thing that
happened to the HDT Market is that the
high-end consumer chips kind of took
their place I mean you can get a ryzen
950x
which has 16 flipping cores they're
they're ripping fast they's zen5 um and
you can put that on a commodity am5
motherboard um I believe some of them
even support ECC memory even if it's
unofficial uh does ryzen 9000 still
support ECC I actually did not look into
that I'm going to have a look yes they
all support ECC memory with the caveat
that it requires motherboard support is
that different than the 7,000 Series
yeah okay so it seems to seems to still
be a thing the point is that if you want
a if you want like a a
random um like affordable workstation
you don't have to go to high-end desktop
and the only real reason to go thread
Ripper Pro to go to go for a true
high-end desktop oh right then on the
Intel side you've got like their 24 core
chips at the high end of their consumer
models um so the only real reason to go
high-end desktop would be if you need
like Mondo memory bandwidth which
admittedly the Mac Studio is going to do
a great job of especially if your
workload benefits from sharing that
memory between the CPU and GPU um or if
you need a whole bunch of pcie expansion
which the Mac Studio doesn't address at
all so I I I don't think the Mac Studio
is really up against HGT at all I think
it's up against high-end consumer and
high-end consumer is anything but dead
that's not dead at
all
um with that said I I think that Apple
has kind of killed their own workstation
Market a little bit I I was actually I
was thinking of pitching this to Horst
as a as a MAC address video like I think
the biggest damage Apple has probably
done to their to their M silicon lineup
is by making the M1 series too good I
have not talk to a single person running
a first gen M series Mac who's like yeah
I really need something newer and I'm
sure there's people who are like like
hardcore into like music production how
old are the1 Max at this point sorry
they're like four or five years old now
hardcore into music production or who
does a lot of you rendering work or
whatever else who who legitimately like
needs a better one but in terms of
general consumers which let's face it
there's a lot of Apple's customers even
though they put pro at the end of
everything M1 series is like yeah dwin
Len says yeah I'm still on M1 and it's
great uh yeah 2020 apparently it was
2020 yeah my M1 Max Max studio is still
kicking but J5 says M1 [__] um yeah
dude there's just there's Apple keeps
kind of coming out and being like yeah
we've got new M silicon and and it's
really great and if I was buying a new
Mac because I like didn't have one I
would I'd get the new one or whatever I
think I think that type of life cycle is
just becoming a thing for all computers
now I think that's fair you know I
realized the other day my dad who still
plays you know not necessarily the most
demanding games but he plays the any
game that he wants y that comes out new
whatever Sandy
Bridge
wow the point where I never realized it
point where you're a bad son it was
never a problem you know which one it is
too it's the one you gave him for doing
the whole room uh water cooling p no way
yeah that's kind of sick yeah cuz I was
like wait what like why would you even
have that and then I looked in his
computer I was like H if Rob needs an
upgrade with by the way I have literally
given him one he just hasn't built the
computer yet never mind okay because he
wants to do this
like uh I I haven't had the heart to
really tell him that tinan already did
it but he wants to do a like hard copper
piped cooled system and he's like
designing it all and all this kind of
stuff oh that's cool with one of the
actually one of the members of the
community that was uh one of the whales
at wh land that's he's designing it with
him and it's going to be this like sick
thing so he hasn't bothered to upgrade
his platform and stuff yet because the
gam that he plays doesn't really need it
anyways um and because he he's waiting
to do like an epic build yeah yeah I
mean all copper builds have been done
many times I don't think I don't think
it matters that it's he's got like this
I don't want to spoil it but he's got
this like specific design element that
he wants to tie in which is like
genuinely really cool so cool Luke's dad
AMD ultimate Tech
upgrade that would be kind of sick I
mean look I can't I can't preferentially
you know make sure he gets one but I I
think I think if you I think if you
threw him in the thing I mean he's he's
he's done some stuff for us behind the
scenes yeah I don't know I don't know
you know what I don't want to I I'm not
in charge of that yeah to we see if the
if the rul makers are cool with clear it
with the powers that be clear it with
the powers that be I'm fine with it
though that's what I'll say I'll say
that hey Luke Dan and lonus was there a
point in the business where you ever
questioned where you wouldn't be able to
keep promises that you had made to
anyone inside or outside the company
that's a hilarious question remember the
whole trust me bro backpack warranty
controversy yeah yeah that was like that
was a big part of it that's what it's
based around that's that's the whole
that's the whole thing where I was like
okay we should we should really
thoughtfully craft something that will
be enduring and that will capture the
spirit of you know what what I would do
if I was still around uh but also not be
um you know an an albatross hanging
around the neck of someone that might
you know inherit or purchase the company
or whatever else um and it turns out
that what people actually wanted was
just a generic sh like warranty
statement that basically just allows us
to weasel out of anything and we gave
them that and they were happy with it
and I was
like okay
bye um oh wait I'm not allowed to say
that um okay bye everybody
pushing the button crap um no I I think
as well like these days I mean we have
we have proven uh that the company has a
lot of resiliency these days y um but in
the really early days I think we were
all somewhat doing that to each other
just being like no we're we're fine
it'll be okay we're fine this uh this
new debt or big risk that we've taken or
whatever is fine and then you know a few
years in it ended up being true but I
think at the beginning we were all
somewhat
you know if you reassure each other
enough times you're kind of reassuring
yourself yeah I mean there were
definitely times in the first six months
that you know I told Luke and Ed okay we
got this let's go let's go let's go and
I wasn't 100% sure if we had this but I
was sure as heck going to do my best
that might been some
puffery yeah yeah exactly yeah um back
to the um uh back to the the the
backpack thing for a second um my point
my point was always just that
the will of the company to honor the
warranty is everything and the exact
terms are sort of immaterial and I think
that we've seen this time and time again
since I said that
um so now you guys have a written
warranty statement but if you carefully
read it it's basically at our discretion
if we do anything and if you read anyone
else's warranty it's the same it's
basically at their discretion because a
warranty exists as legal liability butt
covering that's why that's why it's
written it's not for you it's there for
the company it's not there for you yeah
and uh there's a lot of things that are
true that way and
if pay more attention I I don't know
what else to say I get shot as a
messenger a lot
yeah I don't know whatever um but yeah
just like stop stop assuming like yeah I
don't know
comp companies aren't here to make you
happy that's a hopefully intended
byproduct of them making money uh Mr
blonde 42 says a limited warranty limits
the customers rights not the companies
yeah um and and uh what's actually
really interesting is we did a video
recently I don't know if we've actually
uploaded it yet or if I've or if I've
watched it you guys haven't seen it yet
uh oh no I I think you guys have seen
this one where there's this memory uh
it's it's the buying the worst products
the worst products one uh the memory
comes with a limited lifetime warranty
and then if you actually dig into the
warranty which is not available anywhere
on their site but Tom's Hardware asked
them for it when they covered the the
brand I forget what the brand is but
it's it's in that video uh within the
first year you get a brand new
replacement after the first year for the
next two years you get a refer
replacement and then after that they
charge you to fix
it my my favorite so if you told me you
have a lifetime warranty but after a
couple of years it basically meant give
me that water
bottle oh it's broken okay that'll be
$25 for a new water bottle is that is
that a [__] warranty my my favorite
but technically legally it is it's a
warranty yeah my favorite limited
lifetime warranties are when they're
limited lifetime warranties only on
manufactur defects yeah so it's like if
you don't notice a manufactured defect
for 40 years we'll cover it but it's
like what do you even mean yeah that's I
don't know like dude the warranty for
the backpack is like yeah it doesn't
cover wear and tear so literally it's a
lifetime warranty on that when it you
first got it it's good so if you never
removed it out of the box and you kept
the Box in a yeah temperature and
environmentally controlled chamber and
then opened it in 20 years maybe you
know and there was a a defect with it or
something people had no idea what they
were asking me for yeah and you know
what I handled it poorly oh
yeah let's go poor handling yeah yeah
like yeah I I did not explain it well
and realistically we should have just
dug your heels in we should have just
given them a warranty we should have
just we should have just had the stupid
meaningless piece of paper for you both
you should have given the warranty first
and then been like by the way it doesn't
matter what matters is this other stuff
we probably should have a lot of things
um you know at that time at that time I
think the CW team was like seven people
or something like that maybe even less
and we didn't have we we literally still
don't we still don't have a lawyer on
staff no right like we we didn't have a
ton of experience doing we wouldn't have
enough work for them but it does suck
sometimes oh I know 100% I just mean
like I'm I'm at it going like it it just
it just wasn't a priority because we
knew that if there was a problem we were
going to take care of it and I get it
you know you guys wanted Assurance it's
just that what we gave you wasn't
Assurance the only assurance we gave you
was our word and also this worthless
piece of paper um Allon I don't know if
this is true or not but Allon in flan
chat says lifetime is the expected
lifetime of the product as defined by
the manufacture not the lifetime of the
true fire I didn't even know that yeah
no the whole thing is just complete
nonsense worse
it's complete nonsense
and yeah I don't know but and to be
clear some companies are really good
about it y like they will honor stuff
well beyond what is what is actually re
usually it's companies honoring things
beyond the warranty it's not yeah or
they have like an agreement which isn't
technically a warranty yeah NE exist
says it's a lifetime warranty when it
wears out or is broken the lifetime is
up so the warranty has run
out
genius yeah I love it
um anyway we got you oh interesting Ben
Mitchell said lifetime fluids in cars
equals a warranty period a BMW lifetime
fluid in a gearbox is 50,000
mil wow yeah the wording of things is so
crazy sometimes
yeah oh man
that's hilarious
um all right hit us Dan sure I got one
more hey guys was wondering what are
your thoughts on continuous returns buy
a laptop at Costco play for 90 days
return get brand new one is that bad ew
wise I'm pretty sure it's fraud it's
called friendly fraud or retail fraud um
so have fun with
that pay your taxes or
don't what do you guys think about not
paying your taxes ever if I never pay
them they can't find me they won't know
I exist free free housing Speed Run
don't be surprised if you eventually do
get um put on a on a on a persona non
grata list uh you you may not be welcome
to shop at Costco forever if you do that
look I am not going to lie to you I have
taken advantage of generous return
policies before I shouldn't have
um that was
bad I it actually I actually remembered
recently uh probably the most egregious
example of this
um we woo we woo we woo yeah it's it's
it's it's bad it's really bad the most
egregious example of this was actually
when I was working at
NCIX and I bought oh I know this one
three TVs from Best Buy so that I could
make a video about a triple TV setup and
then I returned them um yeah that's not
great I got to admit I didn't properly
think about the implications like I
didn't I didn't think about that these
were these were basically going to be
sold at a at a loss like I didn't look
at their open box pricing I was just
like I need three TVs now um do we have
to keep these yeah I don't need them
anymore
uh I I kept they're in perfect shape I
put them back all nice like is this
really that much of a problem that was
really bad I really shouldn't have done
that
um uh CH 5609 says don't people do this
with clothes a lot I've actually heard
that that's a trend that is skyrocketing
right now I I forget what it's called
there's like a term for it is it called
labeling or something buying clothes and
returning
Trend uh
wardrobing um the yeah the the term
wardrobing may not be common yet but the
trend is this is from times of times of
India um so yeah Shoppers are buying
clothes just for the Instagram pick
hiding the labels in the shot and then
returning them and apparently like
high-end boutiques are dealing with a
ton of this right now that's super cool
dude that's awesome um nice yeah so it's
a it's a whole it's a whole thing and
have I have I done this yes do I feel
bad about it uh yes should I do that
again no no I should not um I think that
I think that for for my part um unless I
have a strong intent to own the product
like I I'll return things if I'm not
happy with them if they don't meet my
expectations but if I buy something it's
because I have a strong intent to own it
um I'm sorry Best
Buy I've barely ever returned anything I
don't buy very many things which is is
probably the uh the root of that cause
well you and I have both taken advantage
of extended warranties I know that oh
yeah let's
go that
one given the predatory nature of them I
think I could probably rationalize
myself into an I don't feel that bad
about it space yeah however it's not
technically okay what I will say is I
probably took it pretty far oh yeah
so but you know that's that yep you just
you decide what you're okay with move on
and that also happened at a time when I
really didn't have any money which
doesn't make it okay either but also and
I'm sorry but also that whole extended
warranty thing at particularly the shop
that it happened at Future Shop was
pretty skey and pretty pushy and pretty
exploitative um it was realistically
only through taking advantage of
loopholes that you could ever really
benefit from it yes and so I found those
loopholes yeah and benefit from them I
did yeah but I shouldn't have done
that sure how did we end up on this
topic that was a uh that was a that was
a merch message I don't know what it was
but yeah it
was all right cool um um uh two three
more topics uh hit
me California tries to keep big Tech out
of your brain but does it go far enough
California became the second oh it's
gone California became the second US
state to officially protect neural data
in state law after Colorado uh the bill
amends the California consumer Privacy
Act of 2018 and as such prevents
companies from selling or sharing a
person's neural data it also requires
companies to make efforts to anonymize
the okay make efforts to anonymize also
known as eh why not um and gives
consumers the right to know what
information is collected and the right
to delete that information however some
mental privacy Advocates don't feel the
law goes far enough in how it defines
neural data while this law protects the
raw data from your brain and nerves it's
not clear whether the law covers in uh
in inferences and conclusions made from
that data oh information that is
arguably more sensitive yeah oh good
lord sorry I'm reading ahead this is oh
man for example MIT technology review
points out
that that research has used EEG data a
measure of the brain's electrical
activity to predict volunteers sexual
orientation or whether they use
recreational drugs conclusions like this
may not be
covered although what is interesting is
that if you you were ever not sure if
like being gay is real because I don't
know you live in the Stone Age or
something like that brain waves here you
go cool you're welcome privacy
Advocates privacy Advocates have also
argued for broadening the definition of
neural data to include to include
physiological and behavioral data since
brain activity isn't the only indicator
of how you're feeling heart rate can
indicate excitement or stress and eye
tracking can indicate uh what choice
you're likely to make
interesting oh man yeah ey tracking if
it indicates what choice you're likely
to make and then if they figure out that
you're choosing the one that they don't
want you to choose they could do like a
flash sale right before your eyes to get
you to get the one that they want you to
buy well that
sucks that's
terrible um I'm happy they're moving on
this but I like I mean even like it's
not going to be enough there's going to
be loopholes we're just we're boned even
even at the front right
like we're boned dude we're requiring
companies to make efforts to anonymize
the data that means they're going to the
absolute minimum as required by law and
try to hide it as much as possible that
doesn't mean they're going to do
it cerin says we already know Free Will
isn't an actual thing you could very
much predict a lot of stuff
oh
no Corey is the name says the
proletariat will rise up and eat the
rich before this all gets too far out of
hand just wait I don't know if they can
what what's uh what's uh oh man who did
that uh who did that good video on um
authoritarianism
uh keys of power blah blah blah blah
blah who was it cgp gray the rules for
ERS you should watch this because the
thing is when you when you have the
tools of mass surveillance and you have
tools of mass uh oppression uh you don't
actually need a lot of people that you
take care of really well to um maintain
power to maintain power over a great
many people who you are exploiting and
it's it's pretty it's pretty scary uh
it's it's an older video but it is
definitely worth having a look at the
rules for rulers from cgp gray cgp gray
hasn't had any like controversies or
anything has he who knows okay well I I
just mean okay I I hope not too hard I
just I don't know who I'm promoting yeah
they just got to audien has got to get
over that yeah it's too much I would be
so sad if he ever did yeah I I I I I
have seen his face oh my yeah which I
don't know if it's interesting anymore
because yeah he might have he might have
done a face reveal I I have no idea I
haven't paid attention lately um I would
also just like you guys to remember that
I I advocated for you don't eat
me yeah would you eat me I don't think
yeah sure really no like are we talking
if I was dead already or you would
actually participate in the murder first
well I'm not I'm not going to like what
which scenario are we looking at not
going to Cesar you
um I know we could find 12 more people
um but if someone else seasoned me
Caesar Caesar I meant oh okay Caesar
okay all right I'm just I'm just some
Franks on when you start when you
start I would put Franks on yeah
um Lucas and Brutus no um and you Lucas
no but when
you're when you're running your cult
Town yeah okay you'd have to be careful
to not get Caesar right oh that makes
sense yeah okay I'm not going to be
running a cult Town we've talked about
this that's that's your dream not my
dream instead of it's
LOM oh man um crystal says I'm not a
billionaire so I'm not rich enough for
that and I am not I want to make that
very clear by any measurement of my
assets I am where is the line is the
line billionaire I had this conversation
with David I know like ages ago I forget
I forget where the line is and it's um
it's after hours so I'm not going to
bother him about it see see I'm one of
the nice ones please don't eat me like
I'd call Nick like yeah whatever Nick
Nick Nick's in management whatever yeah
but people are saying most people are
saying billionaire it looks oh Canadian
or American that's a huge difference oh
I nowhere near either like it's not even
oh no I'm saying where the line is Oh we
got to talk in US dollars US dollars is
the global measure measure of wealth
yeah so well without without looking at
the answers okay so where's your line
let's bring Dan into this to to to like
the Eat the Rich line the eat the
where's the Eat the Rich line I mean
there's a couple schools of thought
because there's okay we have an expert
thank you Dan yes I mean cuz you've got
like a lot of people talk about the
middle class yeah and the the lower
class and the upper class but there's
only working class and like the
ownership class right middle class is
kind of a design to uh split the people
right against the
the uh the uppers of society mhm
technically lonus would be one of those
people already because he employs people
and owns a factory but he does also
work yeah but I don't have to though you
I think that's an important line I don't
I don't have to realistically anymore
yeah exactly does lonus deserve to be
guillotined well hold on a second let me
just jump in and correct you it's
guillotined that's probably not going to
win me now he did that
yes all right I'll go get the one in my
car I've been waiting for this uh yeah I
don't know it's it's a little difficult
right where where is the line of like
Bezos to Linus uh literature would tell
us that the there is no line right
interesting but I can tell you that the
difference between my lifestyle the
difference between my life style and my
wealth and bezos's it's extremely
dramatic absolutely incomparable
colossal buddy literally wanted them to
deconstruct a [__] Bridge so that he
could get his boat out of the shipyard
like this is like this a historical
bridge I like my everyone has a price I
like my boat I would like I need to get
my shirts out my boat needs to be in
slightly different water yeah it's I
don't know I don't know I'm sure there's
a line shirts out well cuz you have the
$400 shirts and you need them in your
Villa in in the south of France this is
a great this is a great post from
imperor the difference between billion
and $1 million is approximately $1
billion what if you had 800 million or
500 million or 100 million I okay I
don't I don't know this is I I feel
unqualified to weigh in on this I just
I'm just kind of kind of sitting
here lonus has money right and I think
lonus we've talked about this after
a few times now right lonus is he's got
money but there's ALS there's also but
he doesn't have like a lot of money
there's also an interesting question
because like there the the valuation of
the company was something that was
brought up a little while ago so we said
publicly what the offer was but this is
one of those as much as we've tried to
rage against this um we are one of those
inverted pyramid YouTube companies where
if you leave
we're in trouble like the machine
ising like Amazon will be okay it might
have a pretty flat bottom of the pyramid
right inverted pyramid but it's still an
inverted pyramid so and we're trying and
we're trying we're trying to make that
better but it is hard yeah um what we do
it's it's not necessarily about that I
think right I think it is though because
that is not cash that he has that is an
asset that he owns Which is the we take
out the equation I think he's just an
example in this right take me out of the
equation I don't like the direction this
is going well pull him into pieces right
um like lonus has money right those
machines are in Diablo yeah exactly but
he doesn't have like extreme levels of
wealth intergeneration saying is too is
if he stops working also known as leaves
the company the value of the thing that
he owns goes down significantly but
again it's not about necessarily Linus
in particular when we're when we're
talking about this line right say lonus
just owned the factory that is lmg right
sure right he could dissolve it that
would be fine he could take the money
from the buyout which would be what nine
figures or something like that yeah but
the buyout required him to stay so he's
still working it did require me to stay
for a period of two years again you're
still using him as the
example you had a $100 million right
yeah and wasn't working or just owned
the company and did other things like is
is that where the line is this is why
million because what I'm saying is he
doesn't have $100 million I don't cuz he
didn't accept the bio mhm and but I own
an asset that's worth that but the asset
is worth less if I'm not working yeah so
it's complicated yeah okay but my
question let's get off the subject of me
for a minute that's what that's what I'm
trying to do
no my my
question is where would the line be if
we weren't talking about me that's what
I'm trying to do does it come down to
what you what you do day today is it
your lifestyle or is it your wealth like
your net worth or is it your cash
because you could have a very frugal
lifestyle but you could have a ton of
cash in the bank and just choose to live
like a normal person you could have an
extravagant lifestyle but actually have
no real assets you're just you're living
check to check but you have a huge
income you could have huge wealth huge
net worth but actually all of it is ilid
uh un liquid illiquid whatever it's not
liquid right it's it's it's tied up it's
it's in companies that um that are
private companies so you can't just like
trade the stock on the open market or
anything like that so you so in that
category you could live a very
extravagant lifestyle or you could not
live a very extravagant lifestyle or you
could live somewhere in between like
what are we measuring
here I don't know I think I think it
depends on too yeah your disregard for
human life which is an impossible thing
to measure but I do agree um which is
part of the problem because like if you
if you own a bunch of businesses but
aren't raking disgusting ruin the world
level profit margins like a lot of
businesses do um and you're employing a
bunch of people in jobs that are paying
them well and stuff like that if you
have a bunch of wealth because you
technically own all these businesses I
don't think you should just be
guillotined I think that that kind of
depends on the person right because
technically you would be of the
ownership class and therefore subject to
um head separation right okay but does
it okay so then tell me this on the
subject of head separation then does it
come down to what your answer to the
trolley problem would
be would you you own the company that
produces the
trolleys are you the train company if so
head separated if if you are employed by
the train company to drive the train
over people then you don't get guilty
but does that mean that the person
pulling the lever who doesn't own
anything regardless of decision is cool
I don't know if you had four
billionaires on one side and one
billionaire on one side
like how can I drift across both tracks
you know oh
man it's deja vu de
V I've seen that done a lot um yeah I
don't I don't know I don't know where is
the line if it's just monetary wealth
like lus said it depends how you use it
if you just have a lot of wealth uh and
are nice like uh okay Bill
Gates okay Bill Gates
versus Jeff Bezos um so I could talk a
fair bit about how Dro them both um Bill
Gates has done a lot of um what if I
just owned all the
Farmland happened then what about the
guy that bought the onion futures for
the entire us for like ever and then had
to get rules made about him what if You'
have just so much money you can just be
like I own all the vegetables yeah which
happened Gates has yet to provide a
really solid defense for why he owns So
such a large proportion of of the
agricultural land in the United States
of America what if I controlled all of
their food um what if I was the one that
got to decide if you eat or not yeah I
uh that's what he's doing I I don't know
that I would draw a distinction between
those two particular I don't at all what
if it's living outside of your means
like uh if you have two houses
Guillotine living outside of your means
though if anything I think that could
you could make the argument that they're
a victim of a society that has no hold
on I'm going somewhere with this okay
that all right let's go I'm into this no
no no of a society that has they're
pulling the Rope back that has made
they're getting ready what if they are a
victim of a society that has set
unrealistic expectations for what kind
of Lifestyle they have to uphold in
order to in order to you know be one of
the cool kids if that's you know
meaningful to them what if they uh what
if they're a victim of of the the kind
of lending borrowing culture that we
have and they and they were you know
they felt pressured in order to keep up
to to borrow money in order to sort of
you know build build that is that the
way you're trying to use live outside
your means not necessarily I think more
like uh being inside of a societal place
like everybody has enough like
eventually you have enough right um one
of the one of the arguments that I
wanted to make was like okay you make
you have more than $200 million just
100% tax you can't have more than $200
million but then thinking about somebody
like Bezos who actually has no money
because he just has giant loans and then
he borrows against those loans so he's
in debt forever right he uses his
massive stock wealth which isn't really
anything to basically be in you know
hundreds of million dollars of debt like
lonus probably has more money than Bezos
probably maybe probably not but you kind
of get the the comp probably got more
liquid cash just in case he like I don't
know feels like doing anything in case
he needs like a
goldplated paperly I just I just have a
bunch of gold bars in my basement that
sort of thing right I wonder how many
seconds it would take it's already it's
already that many yeah yeah if you have
two houses if you own 400 acres of land
if you you know have 75 cars you know
okay what if what if you have 400 acres
of land and it's all Agriculture and and
you're you're growing props for people
and you're not necessarily making but if
you're not gouging yeah then are you a I
think a lot of it to me is is the
gouging how how how are you actively
using your immense wealth to make life
terrible for other people and I think
just hoarding wealth and doing nothing
with it is a form of actively using it
to make other people's lives okay tell
me this I mean it's no secret that the
Badminton Center um based on the list
price is worth anywhere between about 20
to let's see what would the math be 20
to 23 million okay that's not a secret
that you can look that up um that I
clearly own a Badminton Center because I
made a video about it and this building
and this building and the other building
and the labs building and the other
building and creat a warehouse building
and your house and my
house you forgot my old house where my
in-laws live okay I didn't know that was
public well whatever it is now
apparently it is I think you have talked
about that on wi before okay
okay Guillotine do we do we make a a
fancy one do we get debrand to skin it
LTT store we could live stream it the
end of the end of the streak they are
official they're our official skin
partner oh oh jeez am I doing anything
that makes someone's life actively worse
that's that's where a lot of it comes
down to me in real estate I you invest
in business real estate I always respect
that about you as you're not buying up
houses but I do I I but okay so if I if
I own two houses but I literally give
one of them to a relative to live in am
I evil I think landlords are evil uh
landscape like real estate prospector
type people okay am I a landlord if I
don't charge them or am I just a land
you're like like land bro
L bro we're putting your rent down this
month I'm sorry I have to pay you now
son yeah Lon I don't know I don't know
it's
it's I mean this is a thing that's been
debated for a bazillion years in my
opinion it completely comes down to the
the yeah the oppression and neck
stomping that happens um and if you're
you know if you have your 400 Acres but
you're doing it to grow crops that
you're selling at fair prices that are
not crushing anyone could argue that
just having that much capital in general
is bad if it is impossible for anyone
else to do farming because you own all
the Farmland Bill Gates then yeah I
agree that that's bad but there is a lot
of land like if you have 400 acres in
Canada and you're not really close to
the American Border who cares yeah but
what's stopping me with my vast amounts
of wealth to just go to another country
and buy up all of their stuff right but
but but you didn't so so is it the power
then so back to what where what is where
the line is is the line power this is
where we go to the ownership class
versus the working class right owners
the powerg there's degrees of ownership
class and so where is the power line
right if money is not a problem how much
control and power do you have right I
think that should be the deciding fact
poorly though this is now we're getting
into the see I don't back onto the
person the terms for what these
different uh political and philosophical
arguments are but I'm going to call this
the Superman discussion disc mhm because
good dude tons of power mhm right so I
think there is like I'm saying with this
farmer 400 Acres but not competitive 400
Acres that's growing crops and selling
them at fair prices that should fight
him yeah well Batman should keep him in
check you know so like I think I think I
would want to pay attention to that
guy but I it's fine people need crops Su
for AWS asks don't you still own the old
house also as a landlord yes the only
reason though the only reason the only
reason is they asked me not to sell
that's three houses they were going to
they were going to buy it it's a lot of
business property hold on they were
going to they were going to buy it
that's the whole company we said we want
a lot of things okay give me a sec Pull
the Rope we wanted to sell it because we
weren't interested in in philosophically
I am against spec of investment in
residential real estate I can verify
that this all happened by the way we
wanted to sell it the tenants asked us
not to because they wanted to put
together a plan to be the ones to buy it
because they like the house they like
the area and it isn't nice house I
believe they even gave you a timeline
yes they ultimately were not able to do
that and asked to renew their lease was
it because of your oppressive landlord
pricing no okay we gave them uh we gave
them I believe the same don't quote me
on this I believe we gave them the same
or a very similar rate to expand to the
rest of the house once you moved out of
the basement and we have never increased
their rent ever they're never going to
leave is there is there a two nice
no no there's not is there a well this
becomes the other argument too move out
nobody has enough money to be nice to
everybody therefore it is you're being
mean right you you could just use your
money to buy a swath of houses and then
have everybody living them for free and
it just like that wouldn't work either
now we're making the
town
yeah 400 Acres of forest in northern BC
and then build a town and then have
everything comes back to L you could
even provide them clothing and like food
and and you would know the clothing was
made well by us I mean the hypothetical
people who lived in the town you have my
you have my personal commitment when
they move out we're going to sell it I I
do not I I believe we have we have a
demand problem here for housing but we
also have a supply problem and I don't
want to contribute to the supply problem
um but I'm also so I'm also not into
raising rents I believe I mean we talked
about this earlier on the show to me a
contract is a contract it's an agreement
and unilaterally changing the agreement
is pretty stupid what about things like
here's here's a question like if if the
if there's natural inflation and things
like power Hydro do you pass power and
hydro on I have no idea I'm not
surprised um I I bet you you don't just
cuz it would be like annoying the truth
is I actually just don't care
about I think you're defending yourself
and I don't think we need to cuz you're
like a good one maybe uh we will'll find
out eventually is it possible for there
to be a good one though that's the
question but where is the power I think
there's got to be a limit where's the
power line like lonus doesn't have
enough money or enough power to be a
concern
right do I he could who knows I don't I
don't know what I could do I've never
really like
I've never really thought about it I
think I think it becomes a problem when
you have so much wealth that you can buy
all of the onions in the US oh and like
I can't you know do you know what I mean
like you could destroy an economy like I
can't buy politicians you can't buy
politicians maybe I could I heard I
heard pretty cheap I was say I think you
actually could looking at some of the
documentation that I've seen online I
think you could probably buy a few um
they don't this seems to be a relatively
easy thing to do I think so they're
really not that expensive I'm not well
read enough on the subjects to like give
all of the arguments okay so hear me out
uh please please do it please please
please please we'll put the guillotina
away this is this is a really cool
building blade please it has a really
flexible zoning this is sick it allows
for recreation use Office use uh
multi-unit residential use um the to it
it has over 600 underground parking
stalls this building is the this
building is the size of a city block it
allows for uh mixed retail use so we
could literally have like a store we
could have like a like an LT tech tech
shop um where you could come get your
computer repaired dude get like you know
that Tech Mall in Taiwan it is almost
250,000 square feet it is literally
larger than the entire real estate
portfolio that I currently own if it's
256,000 ft that would just be sick the
only problem the only problem is that
this is an Infamous building oh oh it
was originally is it like haunted or
something here we
go vacant since
1998 oh let's do it there's a really
cool YouTube video ghost where they go
into it from a few years back and this
thing has fuing rocked Ed oh it would be
a nightmare moving Vlogs for 4 years
yeah pretty much um I'm going to get I'm
going to get momia from putting all the
the cat 16 in it yeah yeah here it is
though it's right between Guildford and
Siri Central City so it's like actually
an amazing location allowed to just be
abandoned this whole time wow I heard uh
I heard a story that like an American
investor showed up at a previous cord
ordered sale and bought it for like a
song like a couple million dollars or
something like that and then just sat on
it and then sold it I think it sold a
couple years ago again to someone who
thought they could resurrect it there's
another court ordered sale coming
clearly clearly nobody can get this
thing off ground you don't have a world
class
team be on the floor what if you uh have
a whole stall for that could you like
section off half the building or
honestly from the sounds of it 3/4 of
the
building I think that the city is and
renovate part of it I think that the
city is highly motivated to have this
not just be an eyes sore on like one of
the major
arteries um however there would be
serious like like safety and building
code concerns around any effort to
resurrect this
[Laughter]
thing I'm so
sorry are you though the Reddit is
really funny sometimes I used to I used
to have problems with the Reddit the
Reddit has been hilarious for quite a
while
now oh man that's really
funny no I need him to employ
me yeah don't please um all
right I don't know I have a weird
opinion that I think a lot of the Eat
the Rich stuff has been um like rage I
don't know if we bleep that word out or
not but I did anyways um he said porn
yeah I guess we don't then I don't know
sometimes we do I I think it cuz like
the amount you hear people say like oh
I'm going to whatever like it's either
that or it's that whole thing where like
you say you're going to do something but
then the second you say it you're no
longer really going to do it so if
you're going to really commit to things
you should just do it without talking
about it oh interesting apparently it is
I'm I'm all about that now I so now he's
not about
it yeah yeah I'm just going to quit now
CU I've already ACH yeah yeah cuz you
get you get the like social credit
thinking about it you get the social
credit for saying you're going to do the
thing right and then it's like you're
satisfied you get the you get the
dopamine hit and then you're done yeah
interesting yeah like a lot of times
especially you should you should start
and then form the habit and then you can
tell people you should establish the
habit first
huh no I don't have a doomsday bunker my
goal is to live in harmony with the
people around me and not need
one I hope but 600 car G 600 car garage
doomsday bunker six videos if you did a
doomday you know you can drive EVS in a
doomsday
bunker oh man be pretty sick
um dude Bill Randall executive VP of the
real estate company said he's been
involved in the building for 20 years
dating back to previous owners reached
Friday he confirmed bansel as the
current owner and list price of 63
million little Rich for my blood
um the important thing here is you know
how the B Center is like 99.8%
done yeah well if you just abandon that
project immediately and sell the whole
building and then sell all your other
buildings all of them combined uh then
just I don't I still don't think we
could afford it and a bunch of debt who
cares whatever well yeah cuz the actual
cuz the the problem is not the $63
million like we could get we could get
we could with our cash flow with our
assets we could we could probably get
loans we could we could probably buy
it um because if if we were going to
occupy it we would only need I think 10%
down like we could put together $6.3
million we'll do another we'll do
another lime sale lonus inventory
management experience sale we'll raise a
couple Mill that way we'll like like we
could we could probably scrape it
together um the problem is how much
we're going to spend in renovations and
to my point earlier about like safety
and building code you can't just be like
in there working while you're renovating
it you can't well okay you can get you
can if you do like seals and
stuff the plumbing is rotted out like
it's bad it's real
bad um and yeah yeah migor says home
renovations are always on time and on
budget so yeah we would literally have
we'd have sold all of our buildings we'd
have nowhere to operate while we're like
looking around going okay we're a bunch
of like clothing designers and video
production people and now we're
renovating a building like it's just Co
era work from home March 3025 I don't
think we could afford to fix it that's
the problem even if we could afford the
building I don't think we could afford
to fix
it if we could work out a deal with the
city um where where they would allow us
to to you know get a small part of it up
to speed while we like Tech Rena it or
something over a span of like you said
like four years then I don't know it
would probably take more than four years
yeah probably yeah it's I years I was
wrong about the size it's
275,000 ft it's even bigger so so this
this building we're in right now
including all the mezzan spaces dude
with the amount of parking spots you
could you could have in with where it is
and the amount of parking spots that
there is you could probably have an
income stream just like renting out
parking spots no no one would park there
600 isn't it right next to Guilford it's
in between Guilford and Sur Central oh
it's like in no man's land it's like if
someone wanted to shop at the superstore
and walk two blocks then they could park
it except Superstore has their own
parking so we got
nothing you just got to make that the
happen in place to be yeah dude this
would be this would be by completely
abandoning your Badminton Center and
rebuilding it from scratch this would be
tens of millions of dollars if you're
lucky and so this is the problem um in
an eight page sales brochure posted
online Colliers noted that the 2024 BC
assessment value was more than 114
million the problem is that if you buy
this thing at what did I say 63 million
yeah if you buy this thing at 63 million
and you spend $100 million renovating it
you're
underwater and I think that that is
maybe not a 100 million but I do think
that it is not unrealistic for anyone
who buys this to potentially
spend that kind of money fixing it so
you could end up like I I okay I I had a
a somewhat I had a pretty not serious
conversation with Ivonne that was like
we should show up at the auction and
offer like $2
million because if this thing is going
to cost $100 million to renovate then
maybe it is actually worth nothing um
well at a certain point it's it's worth
the knockdown value dude knock down land
oh I I don't know if the city would even
allow you to do it though like you need
a permit to knock down a
building and I think they I think they
the city wants this thing to be a thing
um yeah this thing dude this this thing
is freaking wild yeah in 2021 2021 there
was a tour there was a tour of the
building um here I'm going to wait till
this I'm going to wait till this ad
finishes is that a form of ad block is
that okay is that fine by watching this
by showing this to the stream by showing
this to the stream but not having them
watch the ad did you just
perform there's an ad for navigator was
that whatever black press media is you
all just all everyone watching just
engage in p
no yep no yep no it's right here there
fine okay so here we go so here's the
inside actually like looks pretty de oh
yeah it's been vacant for more than two
decades I bet it smells lovely but many
fragran if if you kind of they they talk
about it they talk about it in the video
you kind of got to dig a Little Deeper
to like like no this this is like
actually bad um developers envisioned an
Asian showart surprisingly not like
discolored that doesn't matter almost at
all but
yeah what are
those I don't know dude buy it didn't
you get those yeah free table yeah yeah
that's huge dude dude the place is
freaking enormous
275,000 Square
ft um just like things looks like here's
a Ply wall thing did you say there was
residential it's zoned for multi-unit
residential so how much residential um I
think less than 60% so it would still be
a very substantial potentially very
substantial amount of of residential
this could this could literally house
the entire company this is what I'm and
like every Endeavor the company does
that that was why I was
like but no and like you don't you don't
do necess NE AR company housing you just
have it as an option that is cheaper to
the point where like you'd be kind of
dumb to not do it and then you don't do
a necessary company store but you have a
store on the premises that sells
clothing and food and everything that
you need and then you can pay Linus
bucks at the store and you earn Linus
bucks for Good Conduct at work yeah we
can use the AI tracking to make sure
that people are on task and and behaving
nice every 10 lines of code mhm you get
five Linus bucks yeah and your weekly
food ration yeah yeah I like this idea
yeah is a good idea
yeah sir Board of Trade says they should
just tear it
down that's what yeah so sorry uh CEO
and president of the Siri Board of Trade
that's the city uh
Siri all right well anyway um good luck
everybody oh yeah okay I didn't imagine
it American lawyer Donald pit who helped
launch the Phoenix Suns NBA basketball
team decades ago bought the building in
the mid 2000s construction was completed
at that time uh since then prospective
renters and or buyers have included
Fraser Health Simon Fraser University
and the RCMP but all deals eventually
didn't happen uh potential uses pitched
for the building have included Banquet
Hall office space homes restaurants
Bowling Alley even an auto sales lot on
the ground floor none of which ever
materialized
$2 million so who who who do you have to
buy it from is it the city or is it the
the the current owner who is um Co de
bansel but they're forced to sell it
it's a court-ordered sale but I don't
know what that means this article is
really interesting because it's like
it's kind of everything you need to know
the important thing here is the lenders
and the owner everyone along with us
we're trying to work together to find a
positive solution for the property and
this is the realtor uh this is a bit of
a positive spin on this
but there is equity in the building you
know the mortgage holders are well
protected the court ordered sale is not
because there's a negative equity
situation
here so negative equity would mean that
it is worth less than the amount you owe
on it right or like the then the total
liability but I also think that I don't
know if it's worth practically anything
I I I am not sure either if you have to
rip up all of the plumbing and very
likely all of the electrical and
potentially the walls and everything
else also I think you're paying a cool
like million dollars a year in property
taxes the entire time you hold this
property yeah yeah yeah well so it's
probably not going to happen ever but
it'd be cool be pretty sick lus media
campus yeah do
it it's not my debt go for
gold yeah
I mean it's it's a cool building it is
very cool it looks neat imagine you
could play soccer on the lawn in the
front heck yeah you could company
activity heck yeah you could why not
it's like half the size or quarter the
size you could do outdoor babon on the
lawn in front look at all these windows
it's like kind of a cool building why
not every single person has a corner
office yeah right look at all these
Corners there's a lot of Corners it's
beautiful what are we doing right now
what are we talking about how do we end
up on this Luke has 14 minutes oh yeah
Luke oh man oh man okay um
Nintendo I killed the rugen X switch
emulator last weekend Russ of the
YouTube channel oh wait uh no this is
about the copyright strike for U uh Russ
from Retro Game Corp uh that is um yeah
thanks Nintendo for that they got uh
their first strike after covering the
Mig switch now called the Mig flash
which allows you to dump games from your
Nintendo switch to your computer
according to Russ Nintendo was able to
strike that video because the title
screen of Super Mario 3D World was shown
on his computer the new strike was on a
video where Russ apparently demonstrated
a Wii U emulator it's perhaps worth
noting that you can't buy Wii U games
from Nintendo anymore since the company
shut down the console's eShop last year
then this Tuesday it came out that
Nintendo switch emulator rugen X has
been wiped out a year after rival
emulator Yuzu was shuttered by Nintendo
according to the rugen x development
team member rip in Perry Perry the lead
developer GDK Chan was offered an
agreement by Nintendo to stop working on
the project and remov the organization
as well as all related assets while GDK
Chan didn't tell the team whether or not
he was complying the emulators now gone
from GitHub and the official sit's
download page has been wiped it is
speculated that this was a buyout rather
than any kind of threat of legal action
because my understanding of rugen X was
that it involved complete reverse
engineering not any Nintendo IP which
was supposed to keep it safe from any
Nintendo legal action interesting
um I don't know if any of the rest of
this matters that much so maybe we
should do a couple more merch messages
sure we got to do when after dark yeah
that way we can at least transition to
when after dark before Luke just leaves
yeah sure um I'll focus on the Luke ones
Luke did you or have you considered
using the flutter flame framework for
float plane seems like it would work
well to have a unified code base across
platforms we're not changing Frameworks
right now my dude um I haven't looked
into it if if this was something that we
were you know if we were making a
platform from scratch maybe we could
look into stuff but yeah we're not we're
not doing that right now
sorry uh the chat is also very upset at
this idea
I don't know s dudes hey lonus do you
have any pictures of that sweet Suzuki
you've been painting and Luke have you
ever rode on the back of
it dude his weight sitting behind me up
higher than me on a bik we would tip oh
your bike yeah we we'd hit the first red
light and just you know I I rode on the
back of a scooter that Dennis was
driving in Taiwan me too and we live
scary Colton and I both rode with Dennis
at the same time it was pretty scary
Channel me that's
true let's see one actual human or two
huny
um no I don't have any pictures I have
been completely stalled on that project
uh kind of demoralized by some of the uh
setbacks um I I'm going to pick it up
again I really need to long I really I
really need to pick it up again I'll get
it
done yeah
sorry this is a bit hard here the person
who asked that just wants to know when
we're getting the beard back phony Tony
said in full PL chat that is that's kind
of true yeah that's fair I want the
beard back I think I think I'm ready
yeah yep hey D question for Luke any
thoughts on Star Citizen charging $40
for the atlas essentially making a
problem with loading cargo and selling a
solution to the problem they
made I I mean I didn't know that was
part it um cuz I didn't know about this
ship because I check out staron like
once a year um I don't know dude they
also sell like tens of thousands of
dollars for a single ship don't they I
don't know the whole thing no I don't
think they have anything that I don't
think so yeah they do I think so I know
they have packs that are that expensive
no there's there's a ship that is the
like largest luxury yacht and I think I
think it's five figures at least most
expenses and ships
2022 725 bucks address is old that one
how much is that
$25,000 600i executive Edition hey it's
that's the javelin is
$3,000 largest Destroyer class ship 480
m in length yeah but there's the 600i
executive Edition okay 25 Grand yeah
there's nobody there's no way anybody
bought that uh I pretty much guarantee
you someone did oh yeah for human use as
an expeditionary vessel for players no
for players the ship is only available
as a reward upon reaching the legatus
nav conci rank which requires a spending
oh requires a spending of 25 Grand so
even though the ship that's rank for
spending money oh I
see that's a rank for spending money my
guy
oh the interior is in precon stage
design and will be updated at some point
in the future there's a VR chat level
for it so you don't have to buy one ever
like a normal person uh moving on so
like I yeah I don't know uh that sucks
uh Stars isn't cool though they do
genuinely some pretty incredible things
the tech behind it is super interesting
what they're working on is super
Neato you don't have to spend that much
money on the game at all you can just
play the game and earn money and then
buy ships that way and it's totally fine
I'm still working on my $60 ship bu
since it first came out a thousand years
ago yeah and you're probably fine like
this cargo ship thing I wouldn't be
surprised if you can just make some
money in the game and just buy it in the
game yep yeah so like I don't know just
ignore it don't don't play into those
things and move on talking of games have
you played zero
seert what okay no uh I got another one
hold on can we do something really fun
really quick here oh yeah sure this is
still a
thing there's a $50 Super Chat it's just
gone and I have to click here to see it
but they they don't stay here
forever um pretty dude pretty wild that
it's just not in the viewer activity
thing this has been open the whole time
whole time merch messages use merch
messages okay cool bye zero Seer looks
sick from just like the steam page
but I don't know it's a it's a
extraction shooter but it's like a
little top down game oh that's cool I
guess new killer focused very positive
yeah I don't know cool seems neat
there's so many cool games
days sorry one second oh am I going back
to your laptop they called they called
the area zakov which is like the closest
thing to
darkov all right that's a little nuts
all right they know what they're doing
uh Luke you've said in the past you
wouldn't do an AMD Tech upgrade is it be
too boring would you do it uh with this
big kicker lonus is in charge and picks
what you
get I already pick what he gets for his
upgrades yeah to be
honest um no I I my problem was that
like there it just I yeah I didn't have
a an interesting I actually said No at
one point one was offered to me and I
said no because I didn't think it would
be interesting for people um that is no
longer true but I I am at the whims of
the rules of whoever draws the thing so
I don't know if I'm eligible or not it
doesn't really necessarily matter I get
the free computers because of that
ancient awesome deal anyways so I'm
something that could be kind of fun is
you were mentioning my dad getting one
we could maybe do it that if I get drawn
it just goes to my dad yeah why don't we
do that um something like that could be
cool
um and then I don't know if if I there's
potential that I'm going to be
dramatically changing my setup probably
in the new year um because my roommate
moved out so we're going to be moving
our desks into there and I could maybe
drag lonus over to my host for that and
we could just like film it but it
wouldn't have to be an AMD Tech upgrade
um oh weird um the behavior of the
dashboard seems to have changed
something was in curated that I wanted
to unur so that I could type a response
and then push to stream but it seems to
have gone straight to push to stream
instead of giving me an opportunity to
type a response so Anonymous I don't
know anything really about the
wordpress.org thing but I will say that
the whole uh if you don't agree with
this legal fight um take a buy out and
then get out uh move seems like not
really good leadership is what I'll say
about that back into incoming no I I
that's what I thought but it didn't seem
to go there uh that's fine we can figure
it out another time
okay all right what else we got uh you
got any more topics or is this when
after dark officially it's officially
when after dark there's a couple more
topics
I um uh I don't have to leave exactly
at8
um redditors can't protest um platform
changes anymore you have to you have to
send a request to um to take your your
subreddit private there okay that's that
uh I think we talked about the Flappy
Bird thing last week uh sketchy Game Dev
announced his recovery plan in a new
Kickstarter so the background here is
the day before was a hyped up
Multiplayer Survival horror extraction
shooter that was misleadingly advertised
as an MMO the game was very limited and
technically flawed when it launched in
December 2023 and was withdrawn from
sale after Just 4 days the developer
fantastic also garnered controversy due
to its alleged use of volunteer and
severely underp paid labor and its
alleged habit of finding employees as
punishment for poor output now fantastic
has returned with a promise that it's
changed its ways and a Kickstarter for
$115,000 to develop a physics-based
multiplayer Co-op Escape game called
Escape Factory a demo of the game is
available on Steam however according to
data miners the game's assets are
flipped Unity store items and its
networking and matchmaking features are
based on Unity demo code so maybe don't
buy it cool all right that's
it okay oh we got to cut the the Zuck
shirt let's do that should we just do it
next week no they need it oh okay it's
time to
unbox a $400 T-shirt oh yeah I'm excited
would you like to do it uh sure this is
actually the second time it's unboxed so
okay yeah I unboxed it for a FL
exclusive you get a little card you got
to read the card first all right I'll
read the card you can't open your
present without reading first thank you
for purchasing from our online boutique
we have prepared your order with the
utmost care in salomo Salo Sal I don't
know some Italian city uh our customer
care is available to assist you scan the
QR code to contact our team very nice
all
right oh man I just cleaned the
guillotine okay look look I didn't buy
it for
myself the company bought it for
competitive product research yeah and
we're destroying it so that we can
research it it comes in a bag I mean you
can't figure out how a frog Works
without taking it
apart that's what they taught me in
Biology class why does it come in its
own bag so that you have a bag and who
it not even a bag you're not good at
this is that surprising to anyone okay
he doesn't have a lot of experience
unboxing any clothes have you never uned
a $400 t-shirt usually my clothes just
show up at my desk at you're holding it
behind your laptop you are actually the
worst of this it's got a big really big
tag Y and that's it it feels like a
shirt not even like a particularly thick
one or anything I'm just I'm feeling
like this pinched feeling it I don't
know um dear customer please be advised
that the product cannot be returned if
the security tag is removed okay do
it yeah you hold it under the table oh
Luke
a you need Showmanship classes content's
better when you get mad
though hey there's another
tag does this one show how much it was
no why is there another tag oh I guess I
can try and find the I forget what this
this product of quality this product of
quality fruit of our labor is created in
solom MiO a small medieval village at
the gates of acisi where men and nature
are still aware of the harmonious rhythm
of
time kind of sick
so we're cutting this thing
yep is do you want to cut it in like a
specific spot so it's still wearable by
someone is that even possible how big is
the circle it's pretty big yeah no you
just it's still wearable after you cut a
circle out of it I mean you dude it's a
$400 shirt do the do thepp someone would
do it oh yeah nice yeah you want to here
I don't actually I don't actually see
it um I'm a little confused is does it
say anywhere what the product is like do
you have a label uh one
[Music]
sec okay it feels
nice are you going to give me the label
no that's just like the label's there
you took
the all right all right okay so what
what is it this is uh C
8190 medium uh that's I didn't think I
didn't see that's I think that's a skew
hold on I think I can probably I can
probably search by
that okay so the little rubber disc C
8190 is that going to work unfortunately
it seems we couldn't find any results
for that uh okay well I can't I can't
find it anymore I can't find it on their
site but we definitely ordered this we
bought it and now uh okay right right
right right right so one of the things
that we wanted to do is make sure that
our Zuck t-shirt which is just going to
be a gray t-shirt but you know
comfortable or whatever you know like
billionaires like um we wanted to make
sure that it is pretty similar at least
like we're we're not going to have the
same source of cotton we're not we might
even use a blend instead of 100% going
to be made the same way it's not going
to be in a medieval village it's a great
t-shirt and it's going to be inspired by
you know that shirt Mark Zuckerberg is
always wearing um and in this shirt's
defense ignoring the price tag it feels
nice it feels nice um but one of the
things that we need to do in order to
determine how we can make a shirt like
Zuck would wear is we need to figure out
the weight of the fabric and the best
way to do that I'm informed by Tatiana
from the I don't know if she's really
fashion team but she works on the
fashion team and also with the
engineering team on like materials
essentially the best way to do that is
to use this
thing what
oh oh did I do something wrong no I just
had it all nicely lined up for you okay
the best way to do it is to use this
thing which basically goes onto a
material and then has like a blade and
you spin this thing and it like it's
yeah it's got kind of like a nasty
little there's four blades isn't there
nasty little blade thing in there so you
turn this thing and it cuts it it cuts
the fabric that gives you a standard
size piece of the fabric and then you
you can determine the fabric weight well
you just stabbed it you got to go around
now you got to keep pressure down the
whole time yeah yeah well I'm trying
okay here we
go you don't have to go crazy hard
because you're just going to be cutting
the rubber
oh theoretically there's four blades so
you should you know not have to go
technically all the way
around uh did we get it all right and
here it is nice sorry uh Brunello oh
where'd it go
it's now in the shirt oh this isn't
going to be twitch Twitch TV safe
anymore well that was the point really
to have a boob cut out yeah where' it go
where did it go titty
window is it still like hung on by a
thread or
something it's a high quality resilient
shirt it doesn't just come apart like
some peasant shirt would where where did
it
go that's part of the vanishing
fabric Thing
no this is what you get for 400
bucks where the heck is it what happened
I mean it's not like we can't do it
again we have a lot of
shirt I have already flipped it inside
out I'm going
in what this doesn't like eat it
no I saw it it was hanging Lo yeah where
did it go is it under
no are we idiots is chat going to tell
us where it is under the rubber no it's
not under the rubber you guys look oh
what how did it get under the rubber I
have no idea how the heck did it get
under the rubber that was like a magic
trick that's wild I have no
idea all right oh wait did they oh did
taana also give us a scale yeah oh
that's awesome so we're going to find
out the fabric weight right
now did she give you like the formula
for how much the whatever uh it's grams
normally and then it's GSM if you 10x it
if I remember correctly okay wait it's
not zero tear it tear it okay I'm going
the other tear
oh tear where's the zero oh here we go
okay you good y okay hold on why does it
need a lid okay I don't know error eror
eror it's a very sensitive accurate
scale oh because of the air air currents
oh was that
1.71 I don't I don't
know yeah 1.71 G okay so uh perfectly
17.1 GSM it shouldn't matter but is that
is that like a lot I have no
idea fabric that doesn't sound like a
lot that doesn't sound right well it
doesn't feel super like thick or
anything when you hold it oh okay no 17
GSM seems like it could be could be a
thing Alibaba 12 GSM nonwoven fabric
here we go okay yeah those look like
pretty like normal Fabrics like like you
could make a shirt out of or something
wait know this is 140 GSM what what hold
on is that just like a mat no this is
fabric for t-shirts yeah no this can't
be right this can't be right grams times
100 oh is it times 100 if it's times 100
that would make forgot what she said I'm
sure said the right thing 170 GM sounds
a lot more like the range I was
expecting I don't know what GSM numbers
normally are uh gr per square meter no
I thanks how much do you charge if they
just weigh charge for a gr why do they
bother change the number
um I don't know
okay I don't know uh okay what else are
we what are we talking about oh yeah
it's it's it's grams times 100 okay
perfect she's in the chat oh oh my bad I
forgot I thought you said 10 that's my
bad no way her username is Material Girl
it's kind of it's pretty good I like
it song I mean we were living in a
material world so uh makes sense that
you would be a material girl I took it
off and put it back on again it said
16.9 or something okay well we'll we'll
let T6 do it properly cuz realistically
we can't be trusted apparently yeah okay
just lost the fabric sample
there there's a question for her is s
does 17 sound High 17 or 170 17 probably
about right I I can I can tell you the
answer that probably about right is that
a high GSM shirt not necessarily yeah
okay it's like fine yeah no no your your
observation that it's not a particularly
like thick shirt she says no that's
pretty normal yeah okay yeah yeah
worksman says put the shirt
on with the circle all right want to do
a merch message in the meantime sure you
got one Dan yeah I got a few uh shall we
move to after dark as well yeah uh let's
see Hello W.D spout V2 I got a chance to
meet both Jensen hang and Lisa Su a few
weeks ago I froze and had nothing useful
to say what questions would you have
asked each if given the chance Jensen
definitely what is what is the favorite
what what is your favorite artistic
piece on your
stove how do you properly pronounce
tie okay pick pick one pick a
lane you have to decide well I feel like
a billionaire oh hey it's not actually a
problem yeah this is perfect nice we
should this is a statement I actually
feel like that is an artsy shirt look if
if the whole point of buying a super if
the point of buying a super expensive
article of clothing is that you can
afford it and other people can't then it
should be an even big bigger Flex to
destroy it yeah and then be able to
afford to destroy it which other people
can't and I'm just following their logic
I'm not I'm not really into the whole
$400 t-shirt thing also there's some
kind of weird stuff about it like do you
notice the shoulders does seem to sit a
little weird little like like a little
peek I think that might just be from it
being pressed how it's yeah might just
be from it there's a line all the way
down your down your shoulder which is
almost certainly from it being folded
for so long or a dollar sign in the
middle of the circle what like on my
skin just I don't want silver Sharpie on
my skin no I reject okay you need a
black one so it looks like a tattoo oh
my God and then it's a window to the
tattoo yeah like and it's it's normally
you'd have a window to your soul so this
way it shows a dollar sign cuz it's it's
window to his heart I will say this um
uh you guys can see more detail about it
in the float plane exclusive if you're
subscribed to float plane uh and
realistically if you were shopping for a
shirt like this you can afford to
subscribe to float plane um but the fit
it's not great yeah it's like kind of
okay it's not that flattering in my
opinion the shoulders it has kind of
like a weird second Artful seam at the
bot it comes really far down unnecessary
scene as well
um doesn't you look at the way it like
bunches if I lift my arms yeah I I have
rejected garment
that had better sleeves than this is
some of this uh being impacted by the
giant hole that we put in it no I like
the hole Yeah the art full hole Yeah I
think having an undershirt on that the
the second seam on the back of the
shoulder is weird yeah that is
odd are you guys going to do that
then um do what put a weird seam on the
arm I yeah I guess we'd have to okay
yeah well it's the Zuck I mean the Steve
had like a weird seam down the middle is
this really like is he does he wear this
shirt all the time right now I don't
know if he does right now but I don't
care I mean Steve Jobs doesn't wear that
shirt right now cuz Zuckerberg has done
a big like really he's gonna let me get
away with that one what did you say I
said Steve Jobs doesn't wear that shirt
right now oh my
goodness um cuz Zuckerberg is he's he's
like all trendy now and stuff he looks
like this that's okay we're I know but
we're not going to do that I'm and thist
apparently he he he took some phrase
that is like
um you must be Caesar to rule or
something in Latin I don't remember
exactly how it went and he changed it to
Zuck uh let me let me try to find the
information on it give me one
sec Zak has gone full hello fellow kids
yeah a little bit make an Elon girle
pulling it off though he's pulling it
off an Elon girdle okay anyway
um yeah patch the hole with an LTT logo
yeah I I could be down make that part of
the shirt you sell no I don't think we'd
put a giant LTT logo on apparently there
was a phrase I'm not going to be able to
pronounce it correctly at all which is
like a caesar aill which means either a
Caesar or nothing or simply All or
Nothing uh the saying is indicative of
grand ambition and it was a personal
motto of Italian Renaissance Prince
Caesar boria or whatever and shirt is
the same thing but he replaced Caesar
with Zuck and he made it himself and
that's that's his
shirt you've got that and you guys went
the gray one yeah all right it's more
iconic is it yeah he wor for a long time
okay yeah the gray shirt is super iconic
I don't pay attention to him yeah don't
blame it oh it's this one there are a
lot of photos of this okay wow he really
does look like a he looks so much better
now I'm so happy for him
yeah there was nowhere to go but up I
don't know that he looks like he's he
looks like Logan
Paul like that's who he looks like he's
trying to dress like he's going to make
prime but it's like the number cuz he's
like a computer guy or
something this over this I think it's a
win I think it's a win yeah that's cool
yeah he's doing better yeah the haircut
was really problematic before yeah it's
like I want to can you accentuate my
receding hairline
yeah it's like that's what he told or
like my large forehead I guess it's not
even receding it's just really really
big forehead I think this has been good
for Zuck and bad for the people because
people have started liking him a
lot and I oh yeah do people just like
like Mark Zuckerberg now I think so
interesting yeah so we're not going to
eat him well he seems like he'd be chewy
anyway lizard meat no we got to smoke
him he's got those Smoked
Meats smoke smoke with those meats or
whatever I can't remember it was a long
time ago baby Ray barbecue sauce
something like that sweet baby rays
sweet baby rays oh chat says they're
still going to eat him they just like
him okay okay so they like him but
they're going to eat shed a single tier
yeah um okay that's interesting nice how
many tears do I get do I get more tears
enough to salt the
meat I pour some internet on it it's got
more than enough sodium yeah yeah yeah
all right hi dwell uh do you think AMD
no longer doing high-end gpus uh effect
exclusivity A Partners like XFX power
color and Sapphire could we uh see them
reaching out to
Nvidia um no I doubt it powerc color and
Sapphire have been all AMD through much
worse times than we're in now oh yeah um
and XFX they made the they made the move
they essentially like pulled an EVGA
except just instead of pulling out of
the VGA Market entirely they were just
like We're Not Gonna sell cards from the
only chipset vendor that matters and
we're going to go to AMD and like try to
survive like that and they're still I
mean they're still kicking obviously but
um amd's done this before the the for
context the rumor is that amd's upcoming
GPU family is not going to have like a
highend like a 900 you know 80 900 XTX
orever kind of suck they've done it
before Polaris they didn't have a
high-end product and partners apparently
survived in fact I think they gained
market share during that time so might
be okay we'll see only time will tell
that'll suck cuz Intel's not doing it
either yeah so if you want high end
you're going to pay the Nvidia tax
period sweet y getting get an even
cooler kitchen sorry go for it it could
have a second kitchen have you you've
seen his kitchen right I've seen the
kitchen everyone's seen the kitchen how
can anyone ever get over that kitchen I
don't know it's a nice kitchen what do
what do you want
my goodness is that even that crazy of a
kitchen look he's got a mural behind his
stove yeah he's got a
mantle yeah okay it's pretty crazy I
don't know I never look that close at it
is that a wolf stove I don't know what's
a wolf stove does he have a comi oven if
he doesn't have a comi oven it's not a
CO a comie oven Chad knows what a comi
oven is I don't know how do you how are
you rich and you don't have a this is
like of 47 kit or something I live in
like a MC Mansion it's just a normal
house but big I don't I don't actually
do like you know firplace man stove what
defines a mansion uh I think over 5,000
square ft why did it autofill kitchen
why why is it asking me my location
stop Combi oven is way more comi oven is
comi oven allows you to control humidity
and temperature and has convection steam
injection I hate it when you're making
things I look at for definition of
mansion and it says a manor house it's
like what does that mean yeah it doesn't
have a firm definition that's why well
okay actually the first definition is a
large impressive
house nice mansion Bro Look up MC
mansion that's just that's not even a
real thing that's a real thing that's
100% a
thing it's the McDonald's version of a
mansion they're uh they put up like
entire they're tasteless
right why would you say that about your
own home it's it's basic it's lacking
architectural Integrity yeah well it's
not it's not like does your house lack
architectural Integrity bro old money
would look at my house and be
like does it even have any history like
it's not it's just it's just a giant
house it's it's a normal it's a normal
house except it's big like it's I linked
one of my favorite
like I don't know can we even say blogs
anymore uh this this person basically
goes through and explains why they suck
uh and there's some insane houses just
so badly thought through I don't even
dude I don't even know a lot of the
words on here inappropriate use of
prairie mullions what is that so I did
architecture for a while there's like so
many weird weird
turns can you zoom in a little bit
[Music]
uh piggy nose extremely steth oh what am
I it's like a tiny little port hole
wheel uh window that they put there for
some
reason dude I saw some really weird
houses when we were shopping there's a
lot of um in in the in the kind of area
is where I live there's a lot of houses
that the owners clearly designed it and
you ended up with just some super weird
stuff face with sticks Chopsticks
machine with stuff on
it not going to say what this looks
like I didn't even see that I like the
hell
yeah what is this is this mcmansion hell
is this a whole site yeah
will there's hundreds of these they're
so
good my rich Grand in my rich friend in
school had this dining set but they
covered everything in plastic protection
so this all seems strangely obscene to
me it's like uh money does not buy taste
right yeah no it really doesn't um how
do you live in this I don't know I don't
know I don't I'm I'm so anti clutter I
don't like clutter I don't like stuff in
my house that I don't use and I hate
like uncomfortable furniture and stuff
like I just don't look how
many look at the teered ceiling oh with
all the pot yeah and then the tiny
little anemic fan right the center they
don't have uh carpets but the or they
don't have like wall to- wall carpets
but they have carpets everywhere so
you're always on carpet anyway
rugs the rug Thomasville
Chic oh my God that's such a depressing
room
yeah this one seem this one's ni but all
those plants are probably fake but
there's only there's only one note on
this room because it's actually kind of
nice yeah that looks actually I'd sit
and eat breakfast there for sure both of
you are
blocked dueling CH
Dormers I mean I mean honestly most of
what's funny about this is just the
commentary like I don't think oh yeah no
the commentary is great but these houses
are also
ridiculous you know we need more chairs
okay is an nooy made a thing or is that
just like well okay like big ships have
round windows soul patch final
boss all right bigger than the house my
apartment is in just the
garage all right okay all right all
right the loneliest table
yeah dude that's a classic dude giant
houses that just have furniture that
you're not using at all like
I half the cost seems to be buying the
house and the other half of the cost
seems to be buying ostentatious
Furniture to occupy it look how rich I
am to afford this much nothing I'm like
you take the Badminton Center and then
just put like a one em chair in it ideal
living
room oh
no more concrete though you you put
walls it hit me down uh yo getting some
new lids I loved the live demo from last
week that's why I bought these uh
question for Mr lime what was the
driving force for you to start at NC oh
I just really hated school and I really
hated the job um doing running the
painting business and I just was so
burnt out and uh down having a trash job
is a really good motivator yeah well it
was a it was a it paid well having a
meting a job that you hate is a pretty
good motivator to do something else and
so I was just like I don't want to do
this anymore I just want to do what I
want to do which is talk to people about
technology and get paid for it uh what I
really wanted to do was work in the tech
room but they they wanted me in sales
which probably was
wise hey W.D I have a question for lonus
do you see mura on the big screen Beyond
did you see I did when I got mine and it
was quite visible on mind so I ended up
returning
and going for the PSV
R2 Mira I thought this was a thing but I
think it seems like it's an issue with
it miror effect I'm actually not
familiar with the term MO yeah do you
mean yeah m o r i e like when I wear my
it looks like a fine grainy mesh that
covers the entire screen it stays static
as the image moves behind it usually
more obvious in dim
scenes uh
um I can't say that I observed that
screen door effect I think it's the
screen
door but why would you more why would
you not just call it screen door effect
I don't know oh okay mirror just means
screen door effect uh no I didn't find
that it was bad on that particular one I
mean anything looks bad compared to the
Vision Pro at this point but um the
vision Pro's utility is so limited that
it's I'm just kind of waiting for
Apple's displays to make their way into
into other headsets and then I can have
the best of both worlds I can have an
actual usable headset that has a really
nice screen on it yeah I didn't know the
screen door had a name that's pretty
cool yeah I didn't know that either so
now I know psvr2 for PC looks pretty
sick though good choice
Anonymous and last curate I've got for
you lonus I want to ask you as a
question have you as someone who was
born before the internet have you seen
an increase in general hysteria to to
technology changing parts of our lives
so rapidly that is a measured and
objective thing that has happened it's
hard for me to observe it though because
before the internet was widespread I was
10 I wasn't paying attention to hysteria
fair enough um and we definitely like
had hysteria I think you can map it on
even stages of the internet like web 1.0
2.0 3.0 forward I think that has
happened as
well you know what else has happened the
end of the show we will see you again
next week same bad
time
wait oh hey thanks
Ludy same bad Channel okay bye
[Music]
well it's not ready yet not going up